SummaryThe Nokia N96 is an expensive phone that competes against many rival companies that have done their homework over the years to provide competitive products against this phone-dominating firm. The N96 fails to be able to be a leader in its phone class, with issues that are problematic of a phone years older.  The few positives of the N96 do not command the high purchase price.Background:I used the N96 with AT&T; service in the US.  My local areas has extensive 3G coverage so I was always able to get a solid 3G, fast, connection (Note I do not have any LiveTV service in my area).  My normal phones I use are the Iphone 3G and the Samsung Blackjack II (windows mobile).  I am a rather geeky person who enjoys tinkering with phones and computers so I will provide an assessment from a user-experience in comparison to the two phones I've cited, which I use often on the same 3G service; for those who aren't aware, GSM phones have sim cards that can be popped into different phones so aren't \"tied\" to a specific piece of hardware (i.e. Verizon, Sprint).Unboxing:The N96 comes in a very nice retail box.  This is typical of Nokia's products, placing a high degree of emphasis on packaging.  It sets off a nice first impression of the product.Build:Overall the phone has a mirrored surface for its LCD and a shiny black glossy surface for the rest of the phone.  The black does attract fingerprints and at first this tends to put people off.  However, after a while the fingerprint effect psychologically diminishes upon itself so you do not really care.The keys are only average in tactile feel and comparable to a regular $200 phone.  This is surprising since I thought a top of the line phone would have quality keys with a firm solid response.  Not so here.  The keys spacing are not conducive to one-hand dialing without looking at the unit.The LCD is beautiful, with crisp text and accurate color display. If there's anything that's very well engineered on this phone it will be the LCD and camera (more on that below).  Truly world-class, I haven't quite seen an LCD look as good as on this phone.The camera is really good on this phone. Quite a far cry from the iphone and other Windows mobile phones.  Pictures come out reasonably sharp in daylight.  Low light is poor, but again, that's nothing unusual from any camera phone and the quality is still leaps and bounds better than the iphone. The camera does have a very bright LED that can amazingly light up a dead-dark environment a few feet ahead at max range.The exterior speaker is loud enough but only average in quality with a slightly tinny output.  I believe that my blackjack II's speaker is louder and cleaner in output, not significantly so, but enough to be noticeable.The rear kickstand, a widely marketed feature, is a pure gimmick that is poorly designed. Because it is not directly in the middle of the unit, the weight is not properly balanced. This means that an uneven surface, or a slight breeze could topple the unit over.  Tacky, I was so full of disgust when I tried it myself.  Needs to be completely reengineered or gotten rid of entirely.The ports are that of a micro USB, headphone, and power port. Nokia has decided not to use the USB port for power, however, so you have to lug around the power plug during travel if you take your laptop with you.  Not cool!There are no rubber boots for the ports on the phone.  Not a good sign - -water seepage can end up being a problem here.  And for those who say those boots tear off anyway, that is not necessarily true.  My old Blackjack II phone never had any of its boots torn off even though I heavily \"abused\" it for a year by inserting an removing countless times.Battery life is mediocre.  I could get about a day's worth of use with heavy web browsing and a few phone calls.  The battery gets much hotter than a normal smartphone does when in heavy discharge/charge mode.  It would be nice if Nokia could address this issue by producing a phone that doesn't feel like a mini hot plate to your face or hand.Accessories:The included car charger is a strange size.  It could not fit into my cig lighter.  Fortunately, I had a car charger from a different Nokia model that was compatible.  There is a proper USB cable included, which is a good thing since not everyone has a microUSB ported type of cable.  The travel charger is small enough.  There is no MicroSD card included, but these are cheap enough to buy for anyone who needs more than the regular 16GB of built in memory.  It's really nice that the memory is expandable like this, compared to the iphone where you are locked out from expansion options.  For music lovers, this means you can have a max of 24GB of memory and 16GB microsd's are on there way over soon, so that would mean 32gb of storage.  Not bad!Interface and response:The user interface is typical Nokia sybian.  That is, the menu set is fairly straight forward in operation.  The phone, however, has a sluggish feel to it.  Programs load sluggishly, making you wonder if you pressed the right button to launch it.  After a bit, the lag finally catches up.  I expect such typical behavior from a Windows Mobile phone,but the fact a Symbian phone does this is clearly unacceptable.  I'm not sure why the phone is so slow in execution; supposedly this phone lacks a multimedia processor and is clocked very low.  Regardless, it simply is slow, and that's all that matters to the end-user who will feel upset waiting at the response times.  This issue likely extends into the browser.The built-in web browser is much better than IE for windows mobile.  However, it is much worse than the Iphone's browser.  Pages render fairly well but loading is slow and scrolling stutters.  Although the phone was capable of launching youtube videos from the regular youtube site, there was so much stuttering going on that it was useless. Resource intensive sites like CNN are too slow to load, making it painful to view.  Zooming was horrible and nonintuitive. Again, this was a common issue on old phones from the early 2000s, but a top of the line phone for 2009?  The Iphone, by comparison, breezes through the most intense sites with ease.  This is sadly not a good web browsing phone. Since a 3G data plan with AT&T; is so expensive, some of us would like a phone that's capable of browsing like an Iphone does.  Can't do that here.The phone does not support an international character set out of the box.  If you want to to view Chinese, for example, you cannot do this unless you mail in your phone to a Nokia service center.  This is a ludicrous option (did we timewarp to 1999?) in a time when extras should be downloadable from the manufacturer, even for a fee.  Since there's only one Nokia service center in the entire USA, you have to wait a long time for the turnaround.  To go without a phone that long is unacceptable.  The Iphone, by comparison, supports International characters right out of the box!The java stack on the N96 is awful.  It's too sensitive to security prohibitions and runs sluggishly, again.  I tried running Opera Mini, a java app, and it kept giving me security warnings every time I launched it, with no way to bypass those warnings.  The Opera mini program ran much slower than on my Blackjack II, a reflection, again, on the slow processing speed of the N96.The included GPS program was incredibly slow (do I hear an echo?) compared to the free Google Maps I've used on the iphone and the Blackjack.  Scrolling just to browse a map was painful and not something I could have any fun with.  In contrast, I love being able to just browse the maps on my other phones because it's quick and efficient.The N96 does have an auto position that uses the accelerometer.  It does work (disabled by default) but not all Symbian programs support it.  Therefore you are left with a rather quirky feature that may not activate when you expect it to.The T9 system is fast and pretty accurate. Honestly it's not going to get any better than this for input with a numeric keypad. The next step is have some hard alpha keys or an onscreen keyboard.As for phone quality, it sounded pretty good on both ends. Then again ,a 3G connection provides the crisp quality so the network infrastructure is more to the reason here.Conclusion:Nokia's N96 feels like a step back into time. It is sluggish in response, has poor included utilities, and its construction is not as good compared to its main rivals -- The iphone and the various Windows mobile platform phones.  The high price is not commensurate with its ability.  In particular, web browsing is awful.  A complete redesign is needed to make this phone faster and more intuitive.
