I was excited to try this phone out as I have been using Windows Mobile devices for awhile (currently using the AT&T; Tilt) and never been completely satisfied with their performance. A 16 gig phone geared for music and video looked right up my alley. Having used this phone for several days and tried as many features as possible, I'm not nearly as enamored with it as I hoped. For a $600 phone, I expected something far more polished. This seems to have been rushed into production and has quite a few bugs and problems. Let's run down the good stuff first.PROS:- Light, compact form factor. Considerably lighter than my Tilt.- 16 gig of memory. Excellent amount of included space, and can take a microSD card for even more media files.- Beautiful screen. Video is sharp and colorful, although it could be a bit brighter. But hard to complain with the quality of the picture. See below though for more comments on video playback. It also is much more visible in sunlight than my Tilt is.- 5 gig camera with flash and video capability. I debated whether to include this under the \"pros\" as I didn't find the quality of the images produced by the camera all that great, particularly indoors. But having a flash and being able to record video with it is still at least better than not having it at all.- Excellent sound quality and nice loud speakers. Includes two speakers for \"sort-of\" stereo playback. This phone can really produce some serious volume, I was quite impressed. Granted, the sound quality out of the speakers is not going to blow anyone away. But it's pretty good regardless. And make sure you turn the volume down before using the headphones, it will totally blast you away! If you regularly try to listen to music in noisy situations where volume is crucial, you will know how important this can be.- Excellent multimedia features included. FM radio, internet radio, podcasts, etc. Most of these I could do on my WM phone, but great to have them included for seamless integration right on the phone.- Good included accessories. Includes a remote with speakerphone, car charger, TV out cables, free game, etc. Better package overall than most phones.Now for my fairly long list of negatives.CONS:- Lack of fullsize keyboard and/or touchscreen. I was surprised to see there was no touchscreen on this phone, that makes it really hard to compete with other smartphones in the same class like the iPhone and any Windows Mobile phone. With my Tilt, I not only have a full QWERTY keyboard (which granted, is not the greatest way to enter text for most people, but nice for things like passwords and WEP keys) you can use a wide variety of entry methods that work with the touchscreen. I personally use ones like Fitaly and Touchpad which can give good speed and yet still easily handle non-standard text at any time. One of the things I particularly find annoying with phones like this that use T9 is that you often have to turn it on and off which requires going to the menu. Likewise with the multi-key entry of letters and numbers, you have to constantly switch back and forth, which takes far longer on this phone than just about any other smartphone I've used. It's incredibly tedious and if you use your phone as a PDA or anything other than quick texting, you should probably look at better options.- Problems using Wifi versus AT&T; data plans. I personally use pay-as-you-go currently as I don't need to pay for monthly cell phone service and almost always have access to Wifi networks. With my Tilt, it's a simple matter of a one-time configuration of the phone for any Wifi network and it will use that automatically versus accessing the AT&T; data network. This phone just would not cooperate with that. It often would switch over and use the data plan and charge me no matter how I configured it, even going into the settings and making my Wifi the default. Worse, you would have to do this *every* time you access a new Wifi network, setting it up as a default and then switching it back, and even then, it seems to randomly hit the data network and charge me for usage without warning. And to make it even more annoying, just about every time it needs to access the internet, it has to ask me what network to use, the Wifi or AT&T.; Why bother setting a default (and configuring it for automatic) if it's not going to just use it?? It's almost like the phone is trying to get you to use the paid data plan whether you have access to Wifi or not. Just about everything else on this phone I can kind of deal with, or work around, but this is so frustrating for me and COSTS ME MONEY that it's a total dealbreaker. So if you want to use Wifi as your primary data access network, and not pay the significant cost of a monthly data plan, you will probably want to use a different phone.- Bare-bones email and web applications. The email and web apps that came with the phone didn't do much for me. Emails with HTML were not properly formatted at all, and the options for handling email as well were very limited compared to what I am used to. When I tried to adjust my settings, it wiped out my custom POP settings and I had to enter them all over again (which due to the lack of keyboard is particularly annoying). The web browser was not quite as bad, but navigating the pages without a touchscreen is slow and tedious and it kept popping up the \"overall\" page view when it was inconvenient. The back button brings up little thumbnails of the pages but for some reason they were often blank and kept skipping the actual page I wanted to get back to. I was easily able to load on the free Opera Mini browser however, which gave me a far better experience. If you use a smartphone, I highly recommend grabbing a copy of it. I've not yet found a free email replacement, I'd probably have to pay to get an email application that just does the basics that I would have liked to come with the device.- While there's certainly plenty of games on Symbian and for N-Gage, the library of applications is a bit more limited. Also just the fact that it doesn't use a touchscreen makes game play often more limiting and somewhat more tedious as it relies totally on keystrokes, particularly the types of games I prefer (card games, adventure games, etc.) Still, the games offered were decent enough and the graphics top-notch for a mobile phone, and I do notice more places offering Symbian versions of their software. Both my Hava player and Roboform mobile apps had versions that ran okay on the N96 (although not flawless).- Performance issues. My main hope was that this device would be zippier and less prone to locking up than the Tilt. Unfortunately this was not the case. The processor is downgraded from the previous N95 model, most likely done to allow them to also downgrade the battery as well but I can't say if the problems I saw are a result of this or typical for Symbian phones. While the video was sharp and beautiful to look at, I still experienced pauses and skips...particularly with the sample videos included! Almost all of the ones included with the phone did not play smoothly all the way through. I had better luck with some small videos that I synced to the device and a couple TV episodes that I downloaded from Amazon Unbox. While they did not always play perfectly, they were at least watchable for 95% of the time. The phone itself also often temporarily pauses and/or freezes and a few times locked up on me completely. Unlike the Tilt which has a reset option, I could not figure out how to unlock this phone when it froze other than to remove the back and pull the battery out. Very annoying.- Camera image quality. It's important when evaluating cameras to realize that megapixels means little about quality. So getting 5 MP with the phone means mostly that the images it takes will just take up more space on the phone. They certainly aren't of a quality that I would be interested in printing them out which is where the 5 MP would be of any use. They are of similar quality to most cellphones...which means only good for snapshots when you have nothing better on-hand. And indoors in anything other than very bright light, they were definitely worse than what my Tilt is able to take, even though the camera includes a flash.- Battery life. Barely passable, no better than my Tilt which was equally a battery hog. You definitely need to charge it every night and if you use your phone much, you may find you need to charge it during the day as well.- Voice control. This is one of those phones that you don't really train, it just recognizes the names you speak and picks the default phone. Also some basic application control. This type of VR can be problematic if you have people with similar names and I just much prefer training my own names and commands as I can with the software on WM phones. And of course, there's nothing in the manual about how to even use this feature.- Live TV. Touted as a feature, but won't work for most people due to very limited coverage right now. You're probably much better off just getting a Slingbox or Hava which will work with a wide range of phones these days, including this one.- Non-standard USB cable. May seem like a small nit, but things like this just annoy me. Why not use a standard mini-USB cable, which most people have multiple ones of, and also a USB cable that will simultaneous charge the device? It's really annoying when you are syncing the device, moving videos, etc. and it runs out of juice. Using this new micro USB cable means I'll need to buy another one for travel....and probably another cable for charging in different places.- GPS. I only tested the GPS briefly as this was another area where it seemed to insist on using
 the data plan rather than Wifi. But I just don't see the benefit in using a GPS on such a small screen and paying monthly fees for it, when you can buy dedicated GPS units for as little as $100 these days that are larger and easier to read while driving, and with much better features. This GPS didn't work nearly as well as my simple Garmin unit and didn't even compare with running TomTom on my Tilt which I don't pay any fee to use (other than the purchase cost of the software).- No case or screen protector. For the price, some kind of cheap case would be nice. The device comes with a plastic skin covering the front and back that would do nicely as a screen protector, but for some reason, they plastered a big \"NOKIA\" over the front so it can't be used. The screen and phone itself really shows fingerprints and smudges pretty readily so a screen protector would have been highly appreciated.- Nokia PC Suite issues. I didn't have too much trouble syncing my Outlook contacts, but had various issues with other parts of the PC Suite. Forget using the music application, for some reason it didn't read 99% of the tags in my MP3s, so had to use Media Player to sync music to the device. The video manager as well did not work very well for me. It handled small videos okay, but as soon as it got to anything with length, it locked up on me. Took me several tries to convert videos of more than 100 meg in size. I want to try and do some conversions myself and see what videos it really can handle, as I have other mobile video conversion software that does a good job, but I know already it doesn't seem to handle Divx video which is a shame.- Bare bones user manual. The manuals included cover the basics, but you won't find much help in them if you need more than just \"getting started\" information. For instance, I was trying to figure out where I turn on T9 predictive text, but there's absolutely no information in the manual on text entry whatsoever. I went to the Nokia site to see if the support section had a better manual to download, but nope. You better be good at figuring stuff out on your own to use this phone (and yes, I did figure out where the T9 setting was).- Other issues. I seem to just run into random problems with this phone. YouTube videos for instance would not play at all, regardless of which browser I used. It doesn't seem to like most of my album art in the music player, and does not always play smoothly if playing in the background while doing other activities on the phone (web browsing for instance). The microSD slot is harder than most to get the card in and out of. The build quality is very plastic, cheap feeling. And there are just some things that make it obvious it was kind of rushed to market. For instance, there's a settings screen for a \"scroll wheel\" even though the phone doesn't even have one! Would be nice if it did, but to have settings in there for something that does not even exist on it, makes me wonder how much testing they really gave this phone before releasing.To summarize, this is a phone I really wanted to like. It's got huge potential as a portable media device and phone, but there are just too many problem areas to recommend it over other devices in the same price range.
