This phone aims to be an upgrade to theN95 8 GB, but it falls a bit short of that.  The feature set is only very minimally upgraded (mainly, more included memory plus a SD slot, a pullout kickstand around the camera lens, and a newer software release), and instead, it introduces some new shortcomings.The first thing that struck me was how much of an underperformer this phone really is.  Using the included music player to stream audio to myPioneer Car Stereoover Bluetooth (A2DP), it would stutter every 11-12 seconds, making for a less-than-stellar playback experience.  I attributed that to its slow processor, though it is possible that a future firmware upgrade would fix this issue.  Either way, i ended up returning it after a few days' use in favor of the slightly newerNokia N85, which in contrast performs much better and feels snappier overall.  (And by the way, looks much more modern and sexy, thanks in part to its gorgeous AMOLED screen).Secondly, a couple of other shortcomings from the original N95 (interational version, N95-1) are reintroduced in the N96.  Both use a 950mAh battery, compared to 1200mAh in the subsequent N95 models as well as the N85, and coupled with its larger 2.8\" LCD screen, it means that it must be charged daily with any extended use.  Also, although it does include 128 MB of RAM (runtime memory), only about 45MB or so are available for applications at startup, so like the N95-1, it is subject to frequent \"out of memory\" errors if you leave a few applications open.Thirdly, although Nokia have resolved their long-standing WCDMA patent dispute with Qualcomm, this phone still only supports North American UMTS bands (850/1900 MHz), whereas the newer N85 has tri-band UMTS (850/1900/2100 MHz) and so will be able to get 3G speeds worldwide.  (Conversely, the international version of the N96 will not get 3G speeds in North America).  In particular, if you plan to travel to Japan or South Korea, this phone will not work at all, wheras the N85 will.  (All these phones support quad-band GSM though, and will work on 2G speeds everywhere else in the world).The distinctive new feature of the N96 is its support for the DVB-H (Digital Video Broadcast for HandHelds) standard; however this feature is not enabled in the U.S. version, since carriers here have chosen to use MediaFLO instead.  The price, however, remains as high as the international version (actually higher for most, since they would get a carrier subsidy in most countries), so you end up paying a premium for a feature you cannot use.On the positive side, this phone has much better support for different video formats/resolutions than other phones (also N-Series ones); it will pretty much play any movie you throw onto it without the need for transcoding or resizing.Also, it built relatively solid (mine did not have any creaking sounds, wobbly slider, or the like), and if you are concerned about build quality, you should definitely choose this over the N85.  Or, you could choose to wait for the recently-announced N86 8MP (which upgrades the N85 with a 8MP camera, 8MB of built-in memory in addition to a SD slot, and more attention to build quality).One note worth mentioning about N-Series and other unlocked phones in general is that although you pay a higher price upfront when compared to other smartphones that are subsidized by the carrier (mainly, AT&T;), you end up earning that back over time -- at least if you include a data plan.  The reason is that AT&T; charges higher prices for their \"smartphone\"/PDA/iPhone etc. plans than for the standard \"data unlimited\" plans.  For instance, the \"data\" portion of the iPhone plan is $30/month, wheras \"data unlimited\" for Symbian S60 phones like the N96/N95/N85 is $10 or $15 per month (depending on whether you also have unlimited messaging).  Over the 2-year contract period for the subsidized phone, that's a $360 or $480 difference - more than enough to offset the initial price difference.  (So basically, compared to the iPhone, you get a lot more capabilities at a lower price).Secondly, \"unlocked\" means that you are free to insert a SIM card from any GSM carrier in the world, not just those from a given carrier.  If you travel abroad, for instance, you can go into a local store to get a prepaid card with local tariffs, whereas with the iPhone you are forced to pay AT&T;'s international roaming charges ($1 - $3 per minute, depending on country).Finally, regarding carrier compatability: This phone is optimized for use on AT&T;'s network, with support for the 850/1900 MHz 3G bands.  It will also work with T-Mobile USA, albeit at 2G (GSM/EDGE) speeds.  It will NOT work with CDMA carriers such as Verizon, Sprint, Alltel, US Cellular, MetroPCS, and so on.  For those carriers, there is no such thing as an \"unlocked\" phone.
