Here in starts my multiple day review of the Nokia N96.Background: I am an IT person and like to be at the bleeding edge ofgadgetry... I currently use a Blackberry Bold 9000, and an iPhone 3g 16gb. Iwill soon be getting a google g1 and a blackberry 8900.I am no stranger to mobile technology and 3g networks....Day One is Today: 1/11/2009I charged the battery overnight and inserted an AT&T; sim card to get itrunning. The N96 walked me through a quick setup wizard for the usual dateand time, etc... We were up and running in less then 5 minutes. GREAT!...nocomplaints there.I went ahead on an exploratory mission. Having used Nokias in the past, thiswas easy for me. I set up my wireless network at home which is usually atabout 80% signal in most of our home. Setup was easy and I was online withthe N96.I started to do the obvious - I kept navigating through the icons to seewhat features were available, what ringtones were included, sample videos,etc. So far so good....I thought the speakers on the phone were a bit out ofshape...but I didnt expect home theater sound either....I setup my POP3 email account, again very easy, and began to test email,messaging, etc.... This is where my woes began. Every few minutes the phonewould ask me if I wanted to use AT&T; medianet to connect since it had lostinternet connection to the wireless network. This kept happening....forabout 30 minutes...until I finally gave up. I went and checked my router etcand there were no internet issues. I rebooted the router, just in case, andstarted to test the phone again about 15 minutes later. Again...it would geton our WIFI and keep dropping it every few minutes...this time I was about25 feet away from my router.Day 1 is over - Day 2 is tomorrow and I will update the reivew then. Pleasedo NOT Vote for me until you have read my entire review for this phone...I am disappointed thus-far.Day 2 01/12/09One note of caution before I begin day 2 of testing. This is a dual sliderphone....from the bottom up you get the keypad for numeric dialing...fromthe top down you get media controls, play/pause etc. I find that the balanceof the phone is thrown off when revealing the keypad and thus dialing is abit difficult on the go....I am a cross platform computer user but prefer to use a mac for most digitalmedia related solutions. Today I will attempt to get the N96 connected tothe mac and do some downloads. I will also be attaching the phone to mywireless network in the office to see if the problems from yesterdayre-appear. (i will update the review as I see fit during the day).I have downloaded the iSync plugin and the Multimedia transfer software from[...] So far so good...easy to install and get going.The N96 seemlesly integrates with the mac in that iPhoto launches showingthe device and images that are on it. It also allows for synchronizing allphotos onto the device....I like this so far. The Nokia Multimedia Transfersuite allows transfer of iTunes music to the device...and now that iTunes isDRM free this will be a nice feature considering the N96's 16gb of memory.The iSync plugin allows you to launch iSync on the mac and add the N96 as adevice...very easy. I can now sync all of my contacts and calendars from mymac to the N96. I dont think too much detail is required on the above twotopics...they are very easy and work well.You must remember to download the software from [...] asit is NOT included on the CD's in the box. The phone can then be connectedvia micro usb and or bluetooth. (Did I mention my gripe due to the fact thatthey chose micro usb instead of mini usb...now we need all new chargers...)My opinion of the phone seems to be improving a bit due to the connectivity,but the wireless lan still remains as a challenge...I have had to turn ofthe WLAN so that I can test and review the phone.Now on to some other features: (brief one liners)FM Radio - Excellent Feature and very clear reception in and around New YorkCity.Camera - Great 5mp Resolution and can be used as a pocket camera whencarrying a 2nd camera is not feasible. However it should be noted that evenin bright daylight the images show some noise..Allows for music and podcasts, which I love. I am a podcast listener due tolong 3-4 hour commutes.(NOTE that the Nokia Software must be running at all times when phone isconnected via usb or bluetooth)Great applications out of the box, not to mention the very refined SymbianOS which allows for great flexibility.Capacity at 16gb is amazing and allows for all of your media to be stored onthe phone.Application/Game downloads from the phone are easy...when the WLAN works.Now for the final portion of my review - Amazon Video on Demand.First things first...you have to use the Amazon Unbox player which is onlyPC compatible for the time being. The VOD service is awesome and the pricesare great. I have seen friends using this in the past but have not tried itmyself until now. The download of unbox was very quick and installation wasperfect. I was able to install the player on Vista 32 Ultimate, login to myamazon account, and download my rented copy of Hancock to watch on my newN96... My first experience with this type of service (other then itunes) hasbeen great. I have always used AMAZON For mp3's but never for Video....I ama blu-ray type and thus enjoy my home theater experience...however I nowhave an alternative to getting movies for viewing while travelling etc....Conclusion:I feel that this phone has a lot more to offer then what I am seeing as aresult of two days of usage. The overall feature set is nice but it isfrustrating to use at best. Considering the $600+ price tag I am sure thatthere are other smart phones out there that can do what the N96 does andmuch more. The iPhone 3g is a perfect example.The 3g service, while in its infancy in the US, is definitely working wellon the N96. The iPhone 3g and Blackberry Bold will drop out on occasionwhere as the N96 is still showing coverage. I think this is because Nokiahas years of experience running on 3g networks and this phone shows it.I apologize for the long review but I felt that an item like this was worthyof a detailed test run...not a quick and dirty review.Pros:CapacityFootprintStyleMedia Syncing AbilitiesCamera (5mp - a bit noisy)Cons:Bad WLAN UsageBad balance while using keypad.Over priced.Controlling the phone is somewhat difficult.Box Includes:Phone.Battery.Chargers for both AC and Car.Headset for use alone or with adapter that has media controls.A/V Cable to attach to TV, etc.USB to Micro USB Cable for Computer hookup.Documentation and software for Windows.Overall I would say this device is worthy of a great review...but I left itat 4 out of 5 because of the unsatisfactory wlan performance. I love thefact that the software Nokia provides makes it very easy to synchronizemedia and contact/calendar data from both a mac and a pc. The price tag is abit on the steep side.It is very hard to review a product with so much power in a short period oftime, thus I am sure I will be updating this review as time goes on. I amhopeful that a firmware upgrade of sorts will fix potential issues on thisdevice and that the future will be bright.Features I still need to test include GPS and Applications.....updates will be forthcoming.
