I anxiously awaited the arrival of this Nokia N96.  Its included features are enough to make anyone drool.I am using the device with AT&T; Wireless in the United States.  I quickly found that your basic phone functions are more or less easy to use.  Slide down the bottom keypad, and you're ready to dial a number.However, the other features I was so excited to try on the device were somewhat less easy to use.  The small indented power button on top of the device is even a bit confusing.  You have to depress it for a fair amount of time.  This can be a bit of a challenge, with large fingers.The web browser is quite quick, and the silver navigation ring on the front of the phone made it relatively easy to move around webpages.  However, somewhat less easy was figuring out how to connect it to the Internet.  I added my home wifi network, which wasn't too difficult, but I imagine would be a challenge for some users.  However, now, whenever I try to use any Internet based application or service, I have to select what connection I want: my home wifi, the mobile carrier's data network, etc.  It doesn't just connect, you have to confirm and select information every-time you go to do something  Want to listen to Internet radio, get ready to confirm you want to do that and that you want to connect to the Internet, and what connection you want to use. Want to use Nokia Maps?  Get ready to select your Internet connection.  It's really troubling.The phone is also setup by default in metric measurements.  I changed a setting from metric to imperial, but my maps still calculate everything based on kilometers rather than miles.  This does not bother me, for the fact I'm very comfortable with metric measurements, but I imagine others might find this confusing and frustrating. Surely, there is setting to change this, but it is not obvious.Turn by Turn Directions is a bright spot for the Nokia N96.  Nokia will give you a 3 month trial of Turn by Turn Directions.  Then all you need is a connection to the Internet, with your mobile provider, and you can get turn by turn directions from your current location to a destination of your choice.  You can also search for businesses, restaraunts, or anything else you might be interested in driving to.  Walking directions are also available.  I would give the maps and turn by turn implementation on this phone a 4/5.  It works quite nicely, once you get it running, though it is still a bit cumbersome.The camera included with the N96 is another bright spot. For a mobile phone camera, it's one of the best.  It is 5 megapixels, but more importantly it has a good camera lens that take solid pictures under good lighting.  It has an autofocus as well.  Perhaps even more impressive, the video you can shoot with the Nokia N96 is the best quality setting, is also very good.  The video recording capability is one of the things I plan to use the N96 for the most.Connect the N96 to your computer for some exciting options.  On a Windows computer, you can use the Amazon Unbox service, to sync the mobile copies of your purchased TV shows.  This can be good, if you need to watch a show on the go.  It's also easy to use popular music applications (except iTunes obviously) and included software to sync your MP3 files to your phone, such as the ones you can purchase from the Amazon MP3 store.  Videos from Amazon Unbox look quite good when viewed on the N96, and the sound from the Internal speaker and headphones were both impressive.I also tried connecting the N96 to my Mac.  Surprisingly, selecting the mass media option from the handset after connecting it via USB, even my Mac could sync with iPhoto the photos and videos I recorded on the phone!  That is fantastic.  Mac users can still use the N96 to pull the photos and videos they take.  A nice feature.3G - The N96 can connect to AT&T; 3G network where available.  This does allow faster map searching and internet browsing, though drains the battery somewhat quicker.FM Radio - A surprising feature of the Nokia N96 is that when you connect standard headphones, you can listen to your local FM radio.  It may sound like something of the past, but when your device has the capability it is more convenient than you might think.Drawbacks - Again, a big drawback of the N96 is that it is not always easy to use.  You'll spend several minutes, if not longer, the first time you try to do anything.  Furthermore, without a dedicated QWERTY pad, typing messages, emails, or web addresses can be a challenge.Overall, the Nokia N96 brings together a tremendous number of features.  You have a solid phone camera, solid video recorder, multimedia player, music player, FM radio, calendar, web browser, 16 GB of included memory and more.  However, there is a high learning factor, to use many of the features.  Furthermore, with the power and capability of the phone, you sometimes find yourself wishing for a QWERTY keyboard, or a touch screen.The N96 has some amazing capabilities, but for the several hundred dollars the device requires to purchase, I am left wondering how many people should pay that much money, for it.  If you really believe it's the perfect phone for you, I would not discourage you.  However, if you are not completely against getting a contract phone, an offering from Blackberry or the iPhone may be a simpler to use solution.
