BlackBerry Storm is like a beautiful woman with a personality disorder: It will charm you with its gorgeous screen but make your life difficult with slow & buggy software that constantly freezes! Like you have an urgent call to make and phone is locked up for 2 minutes!BlackBerry Storm has hung up 3 times in one week that I have had it compared to my previous Palm Treo 755p which did that only twice in last one year. Once it freezes, you have to remove the cover,  take the battery out and put it back in and then it takes 2-3 minutes to boot up. Buggy & sluggish software feels like Windows Mobile rather than Palm or iPhone.Pros:1.Beautiful high resolution screen2.Very Good email device3.Great Verizon coverage and better voice compared to other networks.4.Fast 3G compared to iPhone although browser is not as good.5. Bluetooth modem tethers and works well but I got download speed of 198 Kbs compared to 700-900 Kbs that I used to get with Treo 755p through the cable.Cons:1.Half baked software that freezes a lot.2.Very sluggish software, takes a while to respond - compared to Treo 755p & iPhone.3.User interface nowhere close to user friendliness and slickness of iPhone or Palm Treo 755p. You have to go through several menus and taps to do simple things for example you have to go through two screens and taps to put phone in vibrate mode.4.Voice quality inferior than Palm Treo 755p but better than iPhone.5.Poor desktop sync software. On Mac it either syncs contacts & calendar with PocketMac; or the media with iTunes with MediaSync- not both. And once you install MediaSync, you cannot use PocketMac!6.Only syncs playlists, not Podcasts.7.Unable to play audiobooks from Audible.com, as of February 2009.8.Does not fast forward or reverse audio or video.9.Long shutter lag with camera and even though it is supposed to be 3.2 megapixel, picture quality is not very good.10.No Wi-Fi.11.Fairly heavy at 155 gm and not easily pocketable like Palm Centro.12.Bluetooth plays stereo but constantly disconnects.13. Accelerometer very sensitive, keeps changing keyboard from portrait to landscape and vice versa even when you do not want to.BlackBerry Storm replaced my Palm Treo 755p which I really liked except for its bulk, browser and lack of Wi-Fi. I was hoping to replace  2 devices - Treo 755p &  iPod - with Storm but its software is buggy & sluggish and voice quality poor compared to Palm Treo 755p; and media player does not sync Podcasts and play as well as iPod.  After using BlackBerry Storm for 2 weeks, I returned it in my 30 day trial period and replaced it with a snappy Palm Centro that responds instantly to pressing the button. And now using Storm seems like a bad nightmare!