I own this and a Tilt, and I provide Windows Mobile applications and video drivers in my spare time.Easy to Google for benchmarks and details, as with the Tilt, this is another HTC/Qualcomm device with well-documented, inferior (4 TIMES slower) multimedia capabilities compared to other (Samsung, LG, Toshiba, Apple, Nokia) devices.  The FUZE actually benchmarks slightly slower than circa 2002-2003 200MHz PocketPC devices when it comes to multimedia. It's unfortunate the htc class-action law suite hasn't panned out.This does have a superior keyboard compared to the Xperia X1, but the GREASY, finger-print attracting thin casing makes the phone feel like a toy.  The \"Diamond\" points in the back of the case also will wear in less than a week due to the poor plastic quality.VGA is amazing on this device albeit wasted on less than 2.8\" size instead of a more useful and eye-forgiving 3\".  You can actually also take photos with this versus the blurring/stuttering Tilt camera, and the pictures look spectacular.  Accelerometer-enabled album viewing takes much of the pain out of portrait vs landscape.  Too bad the album still isn't syncable with Picasa or such for easy off-loading.However, the new USB drive mode (directly accesses the microSD/HC and locks off access Windows Mobile), makes it easy to transfer files, or use a directory-based album browser for the photos.The auto-backlight tends to be too bright and doesn't get dark enough in dark settings.  Luckily there's apps such as LevelSight that can deal with this.HSDPA is locked off until you work around AT&T;'s registry locks so 3G speeds will be quite slow.  This is either because the towers are overloaded by iPhones, or the back haul off the towers are only 1Mbps max.The Push-To-Talk is useless and there isn't an obvious way to reassign the button for some other use.  Luckily, there's some hacks you can Google for to reassign it to do two different things such as bring up the Comm Manager, and the Camera app.Another major issue is the GPS is really slow for the initial lock.  It can take up to TWO minutes before it locks compared to a Tilt.  Turning on A-GPS (without signing onto AT&T; Navigator) doesn't improve the speed and will actually cause all 3rd party GPSs to loose their GPS lock repeatedly (in a 1 minute time span and beyond) including Garmin Mobile XT and iGo8 after finally getting that GPS lock.  Luckily again, there's an app called FusionGPSFix that attempts to deal with this.It's too bad this is a One and Company Design because the design is mostly about show and not reliable usability.For instance they destroyed the d-pad.  It's almost impossible to hit left or right on the 4-way direction pad because there is no pad, and the control surface is shared with 4 other buttons.  You're more likely to hit Dial or Home with a sloppy press for left.  You're more likely to hit Back or Hangup with a sloppy press for right.  These limitations hit especially hard if you want to just navigate in the Calendar program or play a game.Combined with the bad d-pad design is sharing the same surface with an iPod capacitive scroll capability.  Superficially, it would be nice for one thumb to be able to scroll iPod-like through lists and then hit the center button to select.  Reality is the drawing a circle around the center button results in not very responsive behavior, and moving the thumb to the center for selection can cause accidentally more scrolling.It's also inane to put the Volume and PTT button on the side of the slider face that makes it slide!  If you push any of these buttons, the whole face will twist and wiggle.  This really shows the keyboard-slide was a sloppy add-on to the original Diamond design.