I purchased my nexus 6 on 3rd June, got it delivered on 4th June. I travelled to Shimla for work from 5th June to 9th June & in the meanwhile observed that battery was heating up pretty quickly while put on charging. In encountered this battery heating up issue 3-4 times at least & thought of registering a complaint regarding this issue post my trip. On the fateful morning, i.e. 10th June, I was getting down from my car & my nexus 6 fell from my hands & one can imagine the height, it wasn't more than 4'. My phone's screen got smashed from 3 sides & display also got damaged. Now the real trouble begun for me, I called up Flipkart to check if my phone can be replaced & they said no since this was a physical damage. They guided me to Moto care & the nearest moto care I could find from my office was in Palam Vihar (B2X communications, G floor 13, spanish court chowk), there I met this guy Arun & he told me clearly to have an argument with Flipkart & they will replace my phone because its' not been even a week's usage, this happened on 11th June. Also, Moto care (Arun) told me that they didn't had the display that time & were sure that they will receive one by 12th June. One important thing that I was told by moto care is they cannot log in the call for a period of one month from the date of purchase. I called Flipkart & tried to figure out the details of their replacement policy, there also I had pathetic responses coming from all levels to customer service team, everybody at Flipfart uttered same thing in same tone that this doesn't come under replacement warranty & hence cannot be replaced. Next morning, i.e. 12th June I got a call from moto care (Arun) saying that he can log in the job sheet but doesn't have the screen & display at the moment. As soon as he receives, he will give me a call back. From that day I haven't received a call from moto care, whereas I have tried following up 3 times including a call made today, I am being told that they are running short of displays. They aren't ready to commit a date by when they will receive the display which they were supposed to receive by 12th June. This all has been happening when I am ready to shell out 12K on a phone purchased on 3rd after spending 42K. This has certainly affected my work as well, as the back up phone I am using right now doesn't have all contacts, e-mails & what's app facility. It's been 9 days today & I haven't got a date from anyone, neither from Flipkart & nor from Moto care. Hope somebody senior from Flipkart or Motorola reads this review & help me in getting my phone repaired at the earliest. This has certainly been a bad experience & would conclude by saying that phone is good barring the display/screen quality & the service is pathetic & doesn't go with the price tag at all. It seems to me as if they only believe in selling & not in servicing people.