I ordered this phone a month back and just received it a few days ago.I bought it mainly for the 3G connection and the fact that it's an Nseries phone.I came from a Nokia 6230 which is a fairly small candy bar style phone so going to a bigger flip phone like the N75 is a big step.I did use a 6102i or whichever free phone cingy had at the time and my gripes are basically compared to those two phones.HATE:- Sim card access. I don't know if there's another way to do this but once you insert that SIM card, you have to have a child take it out. Almost impossible for me to grab and pull out.- Speakerphone is really low and almost inaudible even with the volume cranked up- Vibrate on the phone is really... mild. If it's in your pocket, you probably won't feel it. Especially if you're on the train, for example.- Long boot up compared to the two non Symbian phones I had.- very annoying pop port .. i didn't think it would be an issue but if you have to hold the phone with two hands to insert your headset... annoying.- no emoticons on txt messages??!!- to reply to a txt you have to hit options->reply->via txt msg. Why can't i just hit reply and go straight to the txt box?- zoom on phone takes f o r e v e r.- where is the STOPWATCH and COUNTDOWN TIMER?!- fingerprints/face prints get xfrd to phone easily- my battery life : internet use only on/off = 4-6 hours with 2 10min calls and 6hours standby; MobiRadio on speaker, continuous = 1.5hours; mixed internet, mobiradio, regular radio, phone calls, text messaging, tinkering with phone= 6 hours or so. All hours est from full charge to when the batt just dies. Includes intermittent standbys and where I just look through the phone.The charger is now tethered to my hip.Like:- really soft and big keys- ability to move around the files/ folders- Nice big screen- Video (choppy and pixelated but it will do)will con't as the months pass.....**UPDATE:-battery life has improved significantly. I still use it 13hrs a day but I now charge just once a day. And i use it more.-I also bought this primarily as an MP3 player and I'm having the same problem that I had with the 6230. The shuffle is not really a shuffle. I have about 200 songs in there and it insists on playing the same songs over and over every 10th-15th song... it seems to loop to songs I've heard already every single time.-I use the HS-31 headset that I had before and the volume is just really low. I have to roll the windows up in my car in order to carry a conversation. I thought it was just the speakerphone that had a low volume. The bluetooth earpiece was loud, though.-And finally, 3G. I found no discernable difference between EDGE and the 3G networks while downloading video or viewing webpages. Maybe it loaded up a page a few seconds faster but that was about it. Mobiradio still buffered every now and then in 3G networks so that was surprising as well.I'm still going to keep the phone, though