able disregard of the Symbian^3 OS held by the commercial developer marketplace. I fear this is one area where the Microsoft alliance will pose a challenge; will developers continue to work with Symbian, even after the phone is updated to Symbian^4, with the possibility the WP OS will spell the future for high-end Nokia phones?Nokia continues efforts at developing innovative new apps, through its Beta Labs, but it is not rolling out needed updates to basic products such as Nokia Ovi Suite, fast enough.There are some things Symbian^3 does do very well. It's multitasking capabilities and memory management are head-and-shoulders above other mobile OS', in my opinion. While Nokia has implemented copy-and-paste relatively poorly, in the N8, that feature and many others are available. Ovi Maps is one standout application that ships with the phone (and its turn-by-turn navigation is a real value-added feature to this phone). The music app isn't half bad (but, Nokia, why do you make it possible for me to edit photos and video directly on the phone, but make it impossible to edit MP3 tags?) and the video playback is very good, whether on the phone or using its HDMI output.I could go on, but I should probably instead get to the bottom line: Do I recommend this phone? Yes and No. If you are already familiar with Symbian - the good and the bad - then you'll probably find a lot to like, in the N8. On the other hand, if you aren't interested in tinkering with your phone, you might want to seriously consider the iPhone, one of the many Android phones or (for those of you looking for a business-oriented phone) a Blackberry. Every week or two, I debate about whether I'm going to sell my N8 and return to the trusty E71; if you go with the N8, you need to do so after looking at both the good and the bad. And maybe PR2.0 and the other promised updates in 2011 actually will improve the prospects for this Symbian device. At least, that is, until Nokia's phones sporting the WindowsPhone - Nokia style - start to hit the street.