Phone is hanging from the very first time i Turned ON the cell after unbox. Flipkart support is useless.It is like almost a month i am using this now..Raised a refund after 2-3 days of purchase.. but didn't work out at all.Major cons:1. Phone hangs on using basic apps randomly, on apps like Camera gallery contacts etc.. when there is no downloaded apps are installed. Forget about using wtzapp Fb, google fit or other gaming apps and all.2. Battery charging: it is 5K mh battery but charging is extremely slow. If u use it on data 4g/3g then Drainage is superfast.3. Hanging problem irritate me too much even on picking call some time i am not able to pick. Dragger wont work 4. Also Problem speaker on ear, it start sounding wearied & so lound so many times while on call.So over all rating is 1 that is too much for a dumb smart phone in which you should not use any smart app.. sometime not even able to pic calls.Raised concern with Flipkart after updating OS and all within 3-4 days of purchase & usage. Asked for Refund (as per 10 days refund) & later for replacement. Below are solutions:Solutions provided by Flipkart on raising refund/replacement: Or u can say the procedure for refund, replacement for defective product.Below are the step wise solutions:1. ON call support: Format u r phone > reset ur phone > master reset u r phone> check for OS upgrade> (check without installing apps) 2. Tech Visit > He will repeat the step1 by his own. And ask you to test it with wifi-hotspot with his phone. (this is also without any app. 3. Now phone is all good as per them u can go and contact Asus service center. In case still u want flipkart to do something then get a Detailed jobsheet/certificate/letter from authorised service center for the device is defective or some problems.Then Flipkart will contact the seller > Seller will contact the Asus sales or then service team > Then they discuss what they can do for you..apparently i haven't gone thru the 3rd step so far due to weather in hyd and some other works. (Asus have only 1 service center and that is far). But got enough information on there process which is not going to refund my money and also not to replace the device. Going 20kms to service 2-3 times doesn't sound good to get that letter n there process.Asuss process: come and show the device 1st, we may keep it for 1 -2 days then go again collect and check, then issue happen we will give you letter or fix the problem again for free (again 2-3 rounds) as it is in warranty. So i am feeling very happy with defective device already wasted 8-9 K.Seller: SuperComNet have issues and selling defective devices try to ignore.