This phone is amazingly small and light for a camera phone; it even has a flashlight/flash. Problems the phone has that I find to be a real problem: 1. The battery life is the worst of any phone I've ever owned. It MAY last 2 to 3 days in stand by IF I don't use it at all; if I use the phone at all, even just 10 minutes, no more than one day on a full charge. 2. No voice activated dialing. I like to use a speaker type hands free kit in the car so I don't have to look at the phone to answer, talk or dial. I think all phones should have it. 3. It is not very user friendly. The menus are not logical and are confusing. 4. It has an IR but it doesn't sync with your computer. You can't transfer anything. I don't get why they even have it. They have software and cable you can purchase that will let you backup the phone numbers you enter and photos you take, but (5) no syncing with Outlook, your PDA or anything else. 6. If you buy ring tones or wallpaper, you can't back those up.I do love the phone for its size, weight and even the color, I find it easy to hold and talk with. The sound isn't the best, but it isn't bad either. It rings nice and loud and putting it on vibrate is easy. I can't put the phone in a standard cell phone holder for the car because the camera button is on the side and it's a long key, the holder makes the camera come on. I had to get a small holder that only grabs in one small area on each side. I've had to purchased 3 additional batteries and every kind of charger available because the average use of a battery is 15 hours (regular phone use for me is: about 10 minutes a day, use the &quot;t-zones&quot; for a minute or two once a month, in 6 months I've taken a total of 9 photos, and transferred data twice). The battery lasted 3 days ONCE, when I was home sick and didn't use the phone and one 24 hour day I had to replace the battery three times as they completely discharged. I'm use to a battery lasting 5 to 8 days (like this phone says it will last).I also like T-Mobile. Their customer service is really good, the features they offer on their web site are great, the prices for wireless modem and wireless web are incredibility great and the national calling price plans are very good compared to what I?ve seen elsewhere. I was with AT&amp;T since they bought out L.A. Cellular. The customer service was great for years, but got so bad I?d wait on hold for hours and couldn?t get through to a person for days.