I had the Samsung V205 and then I decided to try the E715 out. FYI to people with battery problems, with these kind of batteries, you must let it drain completely and then charge it.. kind of like building up your battery life and doing this a few times, it will improve your battery life immensely. I've been a T-Mobile customer for a while now and I stay with them because: 1) They are now no. 1 in customer service, 2) Great rate plans, 3) It works great where I need it the most!Now the additional features that the V205 didn't have that this little gadget has is:1) Caller ID pics.. although you won't be able to see it on the external display, when you flip it open, you'll see that person's face.2) The camera now has a flash as well as a zoom. And with that, it is able to take pictures in gray (black and white), negative, sepia, and sketch. Also, you can do multi-shot with this as well as put lots of different kind of frames to your pictures.3)You can download games with the E715 whereas you cannot do so with the v205. Furthermore, the games are actually java with E7154) The flash can also serve as a flashlight. Which isquite useful sometimes when you don't know where you're walking and the light is pretty bright.5) Voice memo.. nuf saidOtherwise, it has the usual features. It has an alarm, calculator, calendar, to do list, MMS, SMS, you can download ringtones (which is a big help since some of the ringtones sound pretty crappy), as well as games and pictures. Pretty much all the usual stuff is in this phone.. except you won't find bluetooth on this.Another thing is that the external display is like a blue-green thing against a black background.. which is pretty cool since you won't have to press a button just to see the time... it's always lit up so you can see it well. Also, the pictures that you can take by lookin at the external display will be a bluish-green color but when it's saved, and you look at it, it's in full color so no worries there.Overall, I have enjoyed this phone and no problems with it really. Another great thing is that it doesn't have an annoying external antenna to get in the way so it's a good buy.