I have used and reviewed the Blueant Z9 which I really liked. However, now I am giving my opinion on this new upgraded version which is the Blueant Z9i.Both versions are extremely lightweight and small. This makes them very comfortable, feels secure and does not flop around. The sound is loud enough that you do not have to increase the volume. The voice quality is clear and consistent. However, the new Z9i seems to have slightly better sound quality. I have the Z9i paired with the 3G iPhone.There are three buttons. The function button handles most features. There are two volume buttons for up and down. The volume buttons also have functions such as holding down the volume up button for three seconds actives the redial feature. This may sound confusing, but it really is not. You just need to read the instructions. The buttons are easy to press with little resistance.Compared to the Jawbone, which I used for a while, the Blueant Z9i is far superior in noise cancellation. When set to maximum the voice quality is clear and does not breakup on the Blueant. The noise cancellation defaults at minimum. In noisy environments, simply hold the function button for 1 second. A voice tells you that it is set to maximum noise cancellation. That is really a cool feature because you do not have to figure out what the beeps mean.The range is as advertised. Of course, range and a clear connection is dependent on the brand and model of your cell phone.Helpful hint: To get the best sound qualities, speak in a normal voice, not too loud. In addition, update the firmware to the latest version when they become available.What is new and improved on the Z9i.Pairs with 5 devices instead of 3.Connects with 2 phones instead of 1.Includes 1 small and 1 large ear bud instead of 1.Includes 1 translucent and 1 rubberized ear hook instead of 1 translucent.Choice of 2 colors in red or black instead of just black.Improved noise cancellation software.So, if you think these differences and upgrades are worth it, then give it a try. I did and I am glad that I went with the new Z9i.