Web OS (the operating system that runs on Palm and HP devices) is no longer officially supported by HP/Palm. You have to change the date to July 1 2013, install the store update, then switch the date to network time right away. If you don't, you won't be able to update the store or any apps.The device itself is old, outdated and unsupported. It has a single-core processor, while phones nowadays have dual and quad core processors. It has a quarter of the RAM used in most modern phones. The display has a low pixel density. At the time this phone was released to the world, none of that stuff mattered. It was considered fast enough at the time. Please don't forget that this phone is almost five years old at the time of this review.However, you can use it to access your email, calendar and contacts, listen to music, and podcasts, access Facebook and Twitter, and (sort of) take pictures. It's better than the $150 basic phones Verizon is selling off-contract and costs significantly less.Owning a NOS (new old stock) Palm Pre 2 has some geek charm to it, but it's a pain in the butt sometimes. You'll never be able to use Instagram, Pinterest or anything newer than Facebook or Twitter. Using it can be frustrating if you're coming from a newer device, simply because the hardware can't keep up with the modern you. A lot of have become conditioned to tapping and swiping through screens quickly.There are homebrew (community maintained) apps and patches that you must sideload onto the device that add features and functionality that never made it to Web OS due to it being abandoned.The cost of this phone is the only reason I can think of to buy one. If you can afford even a used iPhone, Android, or Windows phone, go buy one of those instead. If you're poor or just want something to play with, go for a Pre 2. I would not buy a Pixi or Pre Plus if I were you. These days, the Pre 2 or Pre 3 (which is much more expensive) are the only viable Palm devices to use. The others are just too slow.