The N96 is a dual slider phone -push up and the keypad is revealed, down and the media keys are revealed.  The phone feels solid, and the slider mechanism is sturdy and clicks into position nicely.  An accelerometer automatically switches the display orientation when you rotate the phone.  A car charger is included in the box, which is nice.The N96 has Wi-Fi b/g, A-GPS, stereo Bluetooth, and AT&T; 3G coverage (it does not support T-Mobile's 3G band, but can be used with T-Mobile's regular network).  Call quality is good, and the speakerphone is loud.For productivity the phone has a robust phonebook and calendar.  Moreover, the phonebook allows for endless customization of the information contained in a contact.  There are programs to open Microsoft Office documents and PDF files.  The phone can also access POP3 e-mail, and be set to download new messages automatically.For entertainment there is a video player, FM radio, and an MP3 player.  The video works well with Amazon's Unbox Video on Demand service.  You can download special smaller files just for use on the phone, and it's easy to transfer them over using Amazon's free software download.  The music player is nicely featured, sounds good, and has a 3.5mm headphone jack making it easy to use your favorite headphones.The HTML web browser lets you view web pages like you would on a computer.  (I downloaded Skyfire, a free browser, as an alternate because sometimes the standard browser does not display pages well). N-Gage is for playing and downloading games, and Nokia maps comes pre-loaded with US maps and three months of turn-by-turn directions free.  Additionally, the GPS receiver locks onto a signal quickly.Being a Nokia N-Series the built in camera is 5 megapixels, with a dual LED flash, and autofocus with an assist light.  Photos are comparable to an entry-level compact camera, and using the GPS you can geotag your photos and view them on the map.  Video can be recorded at 640 x 480 at 30fps, much higher quality than most phones.To store your files there's a huge 16GBs of built in memory, as well as a Micro SD slot for more space when needed.The \"profiles\" feature allows you to set different ringer volumes and tones for different occasions, and you can time them so it reverts to the standard profile.  This is a great feature as it allows me to set my phone to work mode and it automatically switches back to normal mode at 5:30 when I leave.  Additionally, you can have the N96 say the callers name when it rings.  The \"destinations\" feature lets you select access points for Internet usage.  Since I have pay per use with AT&T;, I removed AT&T; from the list so I never have to worry about unexpected charges, and I added my home and work Wi-Fi so it automatically connects to them.I have not used the software that came with the phone since it does not work with Macs.  However, I downloaded a plug-in from Nokia's website that allows me to sync with my Mac over Bluetooth using the Mac's iSync, and it works great.Battery life is about 4 days with moderate use (a few calls, some texting, and web browsing).Now for the negatives: 1) The biggest problem, by far, is that sometimes the phone does not ring with the ringer I picked, it reverts to the default Nokia tune after one ring.  I called Nokia about it twice, and tried their suggestions, but it still happened.  They told me to send the phone to them for repair.  I declined and decided to live with it.  I also reset the phone to no avail.  2) The phone can sometimes be slow in operation.  Specifically, when opening the camera and browsing the photo gallery.  3) The dual LED flash is not very effective, you have to be right on top of the subject, and the pictures come out bluish.  Additionally, there is no sliding cover for the lens, and the camera button is stiff and hard to press.  4) For the price, the materials should be of higher quality, it's constructed of average feeling plastics.  5) The included owners manual is skimpy and barely covers all the phones features.  6) The battery depletes very quickly after 3 bars are left.(Sorry for the long review, but it's a very complex phone.)All in all... a feature packed mini computer that happens to be a phone, it lives up to the Nokia N Series tradition.01/15/09 Update: The phone has been reseting sometimes when I get a call and it has not been working well with my Acura's bluetooth HandsFreeLink I can only make calls by dialing on the phone then transferring it over.  If I could, I would take a star away.01/27/09 Update: I got a new SIM card (mine was 2 years old) and just downloaded the new software version 12.043 and the phone runs faster and the ringer and reset issues seem to be fixed.  So I'd give it a star back.03/24/09 Update: Phone still working well, slider still nice and tight and locks into position nicely.
