I currently own the LG Dare and Blackberry Curve, so I get the opportunity to use a \"dumb phone\" and a \"smartphone\" on a regular basis.  This Nokia N96 is sort of a compromise between the two.  It has the strengths of a smart phone while also delivering the pluses of the normal phone.  There are many pluses and minuses already mentioned by other reviewers, so I will not repeat the obvious ones.  Here are a few that really caught my attention:The Nokia Software loads about 700mb of software on your computer which would be fine if it all worked like it was intended.  I spent a lot of time searching forums for help on connecting and updating the device with the software.The 5mp camera is fantastic!  I also like the small camera on the front of the device.  Nice touch.  Though, this device is loaded with so many features and options, it could be overwhelming to the technically challenged.The TV out capability is excellent.  Home videos show clearly on my flat screen and movies display very well.  It's like the Swiss Army Knife of cell phones!I love the FM radio feature.  A good option that should be added to more portable devices.The phone is about the size of my LG Dare, but just a bit thicker.  It fits in your hand quite well.  Calls are clear.  A full querty keyboard would be a welcome addition, though.I use the device on T-Mobile (non 3G).  It works quite well, though you do give up certain features.The 2.8 inch screen is an absolute delight.  Crisp and clear.  Excellent for playing games and watching video.The N96, to me, is more of a designer gadget.  Those that love high tech devices with lots of features will drool over this phone.  It does everything pretty well, but compared with other phones, it doesn't really excel at anything.  It's definitely not the IPhone killer, but more of a trendy substitute. There are a lot of great phone choices out there.  The Nokia N96 would not be my first choice if my choice was utility (LG Dare).  Nor would it be my first choice for a smartphone (Blackberry or Samsung Omnia).  It would rank pretty high on my list of phones if I were looking for an all in one multimedia phone that is somewhat future proof (sans touchscreen and querty keyboard).