Reader's Digest Condensed Version:----------------------------------If you are looking for a phone geared more towards entertainment than providing a mobile office, this phone is for you.  If you are looking for a work-friendly phone, keep then perhaps theNokia E90 Communicator Unlocked Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, MicroSD--U.S. Version with Warranty (Red)would be a better (and more expensive) choice.Also, if you do buy this phone, make sure you buy a case/holster and a screen protector, as well.----------------------------------------------The Details...I had a hard time deciding on a star-rating for this phone because it is quite different from any other smartphone that I have used.  In the last couple of years, I have used:Blackberry 8300Helio OceanAT&T; 8525Samsung SCH-i760  (my current phone)With the exception of the Helio Ocean, the Blackberry, AT&T; and Samsung are business-centric phones.  All four feature a Qwerty keyboard.  The Helio, AT&T; and Samsung each have their own numeric keypad in addition to the qwerty keyboard.All except for the Helio, did business applications, email, telephone communication, and syncing with easily -- that's what they were designed to do and that is the frame of reference that I am coming from.The Nokia N96, to me, isn't really aimed at the business centric crowd.  It is aimed at the multimedia \"I want to be entertained\" crowd (and a rich crowd, that must be judging by the price tag).Sure, the Nokia does email and \"office stuff\" ok -- but because they decided not to include the qwerty keyboard and opted to include so much multimedia stuff, it is clear that they decided \"work can wait\".  Not necessarily a BAD thing... just different than I'm used to.So let's talk about what the Nokia IS designed for: talking, listening to music, taking pictures/video, and watching video.First, initial impressions about aesthetics:-- it is actually smaller than I'm used to (the Samsung).  It is lighter, shorter, and thinner.  You open the box and you certainly experience that \"WOW\" factor -- this phone is elegant and sophisticated.  The finish is the shiny \"piano finish\" that is so common.  Frankly, I HATE that because the moment you touch it, it is smudgy and that just drives me crazy.  The sides are metal but the back is a flimsy plastic and overall it just doesn't feel as solid as the other phones which were mostly metal cases.The screen is unbelievably gorgeous and bright.  No other smartphone I have used can hold a candle to it (I have not seen an iPhone so don't really have a basis of comparison there).The first thing I did was call someone.  Call quality is excellent -- also much better than any other cell phone I have used.  Very very close to Landline quality.  I paired it with aNokia 02705X6 BH-503 Bluetooth Stereo Headsetand sound quality (both receiving and talking better than most phones.  One of the things that is good about the call quality is the ability to really turn up the volume.  With other phones, I could seldom get the volume loud enough to hear over road/wind noise in the car.  With the N96, you actually have to turn it down because it can get uncomfortably loud.Even using the speaker phone is very good.  The N96 has \"stereo speakers\" and while you aren't going to throw out your home theater system, the speakers make the phone even better.Camera------The N96 has a 5 mp Carl Zeiss camera built in.  The camera can take stills or video at 30 frames per second.  I really like the camera because it allows me to be more spontaneous with taking pictures/video.  With my Samsung, the only time I used the cell phone feature was when I wrecked my car and wanted pictures of the evidence.  With Carl Zeiss optics (Zeiss is known for making the best optics in the world), you can take very solid photo album quality pictures with this camera.  It isn't going to replace your 12 MP SLR but for \"on-the-go\" pictures that you wouldn't otherwise catch, it is really nice to have.Music-----Again, the music quality on this device rivals any MP3 player.  I actually used it with a set of high-end Denon cans today and it was almost as good playing the CD through a PC.  I say \"almost\" because I was able to pick up some crackly artifact that resulted from the Nokia converting my higher bit-rate recordings to a lower bit-rate for space considerations.  But this trade off is worth it.  With 16 GB of main memory, I have over 3 hours of music loaded on the phone with space to spare.Keypad and controls:--------------------I'm still not sold on the T9 only keyboard.  I read a previous commenter about how you can learn to type faster with T9 than Qwerty and I intend to try it.  I do have to say that T9 typing seems to work better than I remembered it on previous phones.I'm not wild about the feel of the buttons.  They are all flat and do not feel \"solid\" to me.  I could see them cracking with a lot of use.Web and email-------------Even though this is a smaller device, the screen is actually larger than my Samsung.  You wouldn't think a couple of pixels in either direction would be that big a deal but it really helps with page display.Video-----I believe the N96 was designed around this feature.  Downloading videos from Amazon was very easy and the playback is just like a tiny TV.  To me, though, this is the least \"useful\" feature of the phone.  If I'm sitting around and have some time to kill, I'm more likely to check email, listen to music or just plain read.Battery life-------------Average battery life.  I was able to use the cell phone for about 1.25 hours of talk time and 3 hours of listening to music before the battery died.  That means if you use your phone a lot, you'll need to keep it plugged in (fortunately, the phone comes with both an AC charger and a car charger -- very unusual in this day and age).Syncing with your PC--------------------Included with the phone is a software suite that will allow you to sync with Outlook etc.  Installation took awhile (I had to download .NET) but getting all my contact data onto the device was a snap.  Transferring music wasn't great -- it could be that I just don't have the sync settings set up correctly.  However, the N96 requires Windows Media Player 11 for the syncing.  I have A LOT of music loaded in WMP and didn't want to load EVERYTHING on.  I tried to create a playlist to identify just what I wanted transferred over.  Unfortunately, it still grabbed more than I wanted it to.Miscellaneous--------------- The USB cable that comes with it is not your standard USB cable -- at least on the end that connects to the phone.  It has a smaller connector than most devices (like MP3 players, external disk drives, my other cell phones, etc.  So if you want to sync up at home and at work, you'll have to hang on tight to this cable (or buy another one online).-- The Nokia does provide both a car and standard AC charger which is good since you will need to keep this thing constantly plugged in.  There is no way to accommodate an extended battery at this point -- it would require a new \"back plate\" (this is the approach that AT&T; adopted for their 8525).  Hopefully, this will be something Nokia will provide down the road.  However, I will say that this device provides a LOT of options to tweak the features to maximize battery performance.  For example, you can specify during what hours to go fetch email.  There's not much point in fetching email 24/7 when you may only want access to it 12x5.  You can also set it up to shut down during night hours etc.-- The screen is not a touch screen.  Also, if you want to protect it, you're probably going to want to get a HTC Touch Diamond JAVOScreen (Ultra-Clear) + JAVOedge MetaCharger Bundle (Euro) screen protector to hide the finger prints and prevent scratches.  I had one left over from my 8525 and it isn't a perfect fit but works good enough.-- You will also want to invest in a good case/holster.  I can't believe that Nokia is selling a 700.00 phone with a screen like this and yet they don't even provide the most basic protection required.  Even the bluetooth headphones came with their own carrying pouch.
