The new Nokia N96 phone reads like a powerhouse smartphone packed with features. It is a full color, unlocked GSM slider phone with a 5MP camera, stereo sound, music and video features. While it is a quad band world phone, here in the US it works on T-Moblie and AT&T; networks (although AT&T; is recommened for its faster 3G network). Let me start out by describing what you get. Nokia has packed quite a bit in the box. They include cables to hook your phone up to you TV to watch video, a car charger, a sync cable to sync your phone to your pc for updates, video, app and music downloads, battery, travel charger, a remote that hooks into the phone along with earbuds that hook into the remote, (no you can't use the earbuds without the remote and you cannot hook alternate headsets into the phone or the remote),an invitation to use the OVI service (an online backup service with tiered features to backup your phone), a User Guide, Get Started Guide, the Nokia PC Suite CD, an NGage free game offer, warranty info and of course the phone.Now for the phone. It is a beautiful, full color, lightweight device that promises much, but delivers less. Since this is a GSM phone, after calling to switch service, you only need to add your SIM card to start using it. The battery was partially charged out of the box, so it did not take long to charge. Despite what I have read from other reviews, I had no problems adding contacts from my SIM card to the phone. Since this phone IS NOT a touch screen, everything is menu driven. Nokia did not do a good job of letting you know where all the menus are. While a User Guide is included, the full version of how to use the phone is included in the online version of the guide that can be found at the Nokia product page. The buttons on this phone do not stand out as much as I would like. The call and end keys are on opposite sides, but are not as prominent as they should be. The Power key is on top and it takes a few minutes to turn it on. There are \"media keys\" that work for video or music playback that surround the larger scroll key. The scroll key is used to navigate the various menus, with the usual Nokia context sensitive Selection keys above the Call and End keys. The scroll key is very sensitive, I kept hitting selections that I did not want and it is also used for navigating web pages. There is a menu key that is usefull and a multimedia key which isn't that helpful. The display is beautiful and call quality is excellent. You slide the main section up to bring up the keyboard and number pad. This phone should have had a qwerty keyboard, as the typing on the keypad is time consuming pressing keys until you come to the one yo need.  This is also even more frustrating for the Internet. While the display is very clear, the browser is only a WAP mobile browser, not the full Internet browser that an iPhone or iPod Touch would have. Using the scroll key to move a too small arrow around is a pain. While this phone offers YouTube, the Internet video quality is very spotty. The stereo sound in 3D is very clear and you do not need a headset to listen. This phone is one of the few compatible with the Amazon UnBox service. To try out the service, I installed the Nokia PC suite. It installled a software updater, Video suite manager, photo app, PC suite app, and a Map loader for the GPS function. The installation of the apps was fast, though starting the PC Suite app took a very long time. The Amazon UnBox service is a video on demand portable player to watch video on you PC or mobile device. It was very easy to download the player and install it. Amazon has a nice selection of videos and I downloaded a Stargate SG-1 episode to view on my phone. Purchasing was fast and easy although downloading took a very long time because of the extra option for portable files. The UnBox player interface is nice, but I had a difficult time trying to transfer the files to the phone. The help files say that you can just copy files to the phone, but you actually transfer the files by clicking play. After finally getting the files to transfer to the phone, I was able to watch the video. The video playback on the phone for the Amazon purchase was clear and of excellent quality. Playback on the phone is in the widescreen format. It will play in both portrait and landscape mode, although queing up takes a while unlike an iPod or iPhone. You can slide the main phone the other way to show the video keys in landscape mode. The main 5MP camera with the Carl Zeiss lens is outstanding, the best camera I have seen on a phone so far. It has a flash and is located on the back. There is also a lower resolution camera on the front. Both can capture images and video. Photos look fantastic. The N96 is also supposed to broadcast TV signals through the LIVE TV service, but like most of the Nokia service options, it is not available in the US. Neither is the Nokia Music Store and the Nokia Maps turn by turn service. The phone will play music via the Windows Media Player (no Apple iTunes formats) and podcasts. It also has an FM radio and Internet radio playback capability. The radio feature will only play with the remote and headset attached. You cannot listen to the radio without the attachments, another boneheaded manuever by Nokia. The Maps feature, which is the GPS function to me was useless. After the app opens, you see a 3D image of the planet. You have to install the Maps software before the actual street level option will work and as I mentioned before, the turn by turn doesn't work in the US. My iPod Touch handles GPS faster and easier than this. The N96 is also supposed to be Bluetooth compatible, but I could not get it to discover my Bluetooth headset despite numerous attempts.This phone has a lot of quirks. While it does turn on fairly quickly and you can make calls quickly, Using many of the features means responding to a number of silly requests such as \"go on Internet now?\" after selecting the web option. I personally prefer touch screen phones because it is much easier to navigate than having to drill down through numerous menus. Some shortcut options are available, but not for a lot of features. I did not try the OVI service, since I already use a wonderful service called Dashwire to backup my phone. The N96 does have a large 16 GB storage with a memory card addition available, it does leave a lot to be desired. This phone is better engineered for the overseas market rather than the US. It would a good option for those who use the Windows Media audio files for music and radio and camera and video fans. It is a good effort, but falls short, especially for the high price.
