This WM6.1 Pocket PC is not only very well put together, but it has some extra little features that I have personally been thinking of for years. It has the typical WM6.1 Professional OS and accompanying programs, but there are little settings here and there that make it a little or a lot more handy for some of us veteran WM users who have been observing the slow crawl of advancement that Microsoft has made in updated OS's. And some if not a lot of this may be thanks to the manufacturer (Palm, c/o HTC), but let me give a couple examples.Normally, you have to tap and hold for the context menu of a highlighted item. And if you have an extra program, such as Spb Pocket Plus, you may be able to set a hardware button to do this for you, something handy I've done in the past. But the Treo Pro allows you to press and hold the Palm button (the center select button of the 5-way navigation button), and the context menu comes up. And, even though I relied upon Spb for the Close button, it's nice to see this device (and other HTC devices now) have the Close button option embedded. Another example is you can optionally respond to Ignored calls with an automated text message, something that Spb Phone Suite has if you buy it and install it, but the device comes with this feature preloaded. And there are a few others.Yes, there are a few drawbacks, such as the glossy appearance easily getting fingerprints, and the odd fact that there is no real device-off status apart from removing the battery. The Power button turns the screen off with one press, and turns the phone on or off of flight mode when pressing and holding. To access the Reset button, you have to remove the stylus, and it is accessible right where the head of the stylus rests, WITHOUT having to remove the back battery panel (unlike some have said is necessary to access it).As for the screen, some say it is a little washed out, like too whitish. But two things...first, this has decent battery life even if you turn the screen to full brightness (I have push email and two other email accounts checking email all day, along with text, light Internet browsing, and some phone calling), which makes me have to charge it every night, but I'm used to that. So full brightness is a good option. But MOREOVER, the screen is of a technology such that in the glaring sunlight, it has a special effect where you can read everything still! That is a major plus that I will take any day. And speaking of the screen, some don't like it being flush with the rest of the device, but I like that it is that newer type of screen that is more resilient and scratch resistant, and it is just as touch sensitive as the previous types of touch screens.As far as batteries go, I have an extended life battery (there are 2 types out there I know of), and I can go 2 days on a single charge. (The battery I got has the same gloss and matching appearance, but there's another with a non-gloss battery door...I just wanted my door to match the rest of the phone). Yes, extended batteries make the phone more bulky, so get it if you don't mind that. I personally like the phone a little bigger. It makes it feel more firm and solid to me.Every once in a while, a few of the main function buttons will not work on a Bluetooth phone call, but this has only happened twice to me. Again, I know most handheld devices are a little quirky, so I'll take this any day to the other quirky WM devices I've had with features not quite as good as this one.Hope this review helps...