Take this for what its worth, I had been in the market for a smartphone so that I could have the convenience of internet, wifi, outlook and many of the little things that make these little phones essential. I was on a budget and found online an unlocked HP Ipaq model 6900. I read the reviews and some were good and some were bad, needless to say I took a chance and bought this thing. The phone was actually a refurbished phone not by the manufacturer, but by a third party vendor, and I had no way of knowing this since the description was misleading (no, it was not Amazon) I started to use the phone only to realize my worst nightmare, the phone did everything well except make calls when I neede to. I also learned that the battery gauge was always reading wrong from one of the HP forums, and when I thought I had a full charge it was actually half charged and the phone could not work.I have since then learned to live with the mistake I made and use this phone as a really bulky PDA or pocket game playing gadget while in the john. I also found out that Windows mobile 5.0 was not the most robust operating system for a phone, much less this one and provisions to update were not allowed.As time went by I learned that Microsoft had updated their mobile operating system and newer and better phones were hitting the market. I was a bit hesitant to go with any of the newer HP products since they were really expensive and I had such a horible experience with the first phone. I did some research on what windows based phone would be ideal for my situation and when I learned about the Palm Treo Pro I decided to look into it. I wanted to see what it looked like but T mobile nor at&t; had this phone, Sprint did, so I went to one of their stores to check it out and the features as well. I really loved the phone, but I was not able to cancel my plan to go to Sprint, so unlocked was the way to go for me.I received the phone and had read some reviews that T mobile did not work very well with the phone, and that everyone was touting the mighty Iphone. The Iphone has some nice software and it is the rave, but when I installed my sim card into this phone, it was ready to go in just under a minute, it came on read the network ID and autoconfigured itself and worked well. I found out from a friend that the newer phones were having their sim cards replaced with more capacity and better handleing of the data. I went to T mobile and they said that there were some cases of this and agreed to swap out the sim for a new one. At that moment was when the phone woke up and started with crystal clear calls, all data was updated flawlessly from my Outlook account from work, the web pages loaded better and this phone has since been everthing that the Ipaq was not.Like others, my only complaint is on the QWERTY keypad being too small, other than that, hats off to Palm for finally releasing a phone that actually does what its supposed to do, and all the software works without incident, many features like the out of the box self configuration was really helpful, wifi works anyplace there is an open hotspot, the micro SD chip can be installed up to 32GB capacity, it is not a battery hog either; I usually get two full days on a charge when using phone, data, mail push and even GPS.Great phone, if you have a GSM service get it unlocked, if you have no service you may want to try Sprint, and even if you dont sign up with them you can see the phone in action. THIS PHONE IS GREAT!!!!