I've waited a month of having this phone to review it to make sure that I give an accurate review of it's pros, cons and quirks.  Here's the \"short\" version of my review.Switching to the Nokia N96 after using an HTC MDA with Windows Mobile on it for 2 1/2 years.If you slide the keypad down, the numeric keypad shows and the display remains in portrait.  If you slide the keypad up, the multimedia keypad shows and the display goes to landscape mode.  However, if you close the multimedia keypad, the display stays in landscape mode.  This can be a pro or a con, depending on who you are.  For me, this is a con, because I have to move the numeric keypad down to get the screen to go back to portrait.The menu items on the screen are customizable.CallsThe clearest calls ever.  This is the first mobile phone that I have ever used speakerphone where the other party does not ask, \"Are you on a speakerphone?\"  It sounds the same as if you were using the handset.  I did try using the \"Say Caller's Name\" function, hoping that the caller's name would be verbally communicated, but the phone froze up and had to be reset after a test call was made to it.MessagingMessages show the sender and the first 30 characters of any message, great for getting the jist of what you're looking for in your inbox.  The left and right buttons allow movement between Inbox, Templates, Drafts, Sent, Outbox and Reports.  Inbound MMS may take hours if being sent from a competitor's service company (this may be an AT&T; issue, though).CalendarLarge, easy to read month and week calendar.  Easy to add appointments, just pick a date and start typing.  Easily swap between calendar views using the * key.NetworkQuickly locates surrounding Wifi, however, once you select a network (even if the connection is unsuccessful) you must manually select a new network by vising the WLAN Scanning setting.ProfilesPhone has Normal, Silent, Meeting, Outdoor, Pager, and Offline profiles which are 100% customizable.  Press and hold the # key and you swap between your preferred profile and silent mode.  Excellent 1 click capability.BluetoothI did not test this feature extensively, but was able to connect to a BlackBerry Pearl quickly.Video CenterVideo starts in portrait, must open multimedia buttons to change to landscape.  Has extremely vivid, detailed video.  Multimedia backlit buttons on keyboard fade after so many seconds of being idle, must memorize which buttons are where.  Thankfully, the \"select\" button doubles as a pause button.PhotosYou can sort your photos by captured, months, albums, tags, downloads and all.  A very appealing rotating menu of the thumbnails can be used to select which photo(s) you would like to view.GamesI only played PinBall and I hated it.  Having to use the 1 and 3 keys for the flippers with my thumbnails scratching up the bottom of the screen.  Didn't like playing games on it at all.ButtonsLock button is convenient quick slider.  Does have a power button, don't need to hold down the end key.  The volume button is the hardest button I have ever had to press on a phone, don't attempt this one handed.  Memory card slot is hard to open, afraid it will snap off every time I try to open it.  The keypad is backlit in white.  When the keypad idles out, you have the option to have the select button \"pulse\" in a dim bit of light to that it's easy to find in the dark.  Very neat!Video Camera5 megapixel Carl Zeiss lens is the best I've ever seen on a phone.  The shutter button can be held halfway down, just as any other digital camera to focus.  The phone has different scene modes found in other digital cameras, such as Auto, User Defined, Close Up, Portrait, Landscape, Sports, Night and Night Portrait.  The camera also has burst mode that works extremely well!  Video tells you how much time you have left (i.e., 1:29:00) but when shooting video, the time rapidly declined to 1:24:00 within 5 seconds and continued declining from there.  The video does have a video light, similar to a flash for still pictures.  White balance, color tone are other options you can use.  The shutter button is hard to press without blurring the shot if you have the flash turned off.  Zoom is slow.  Lots of options for the self timer.  There is a secondary camera used for a self portrait or video calls, but it is definitely a worse lens, etc., as it picks up a lot of noise in low light and the quality is inferior.BrowserA \"pearl\" would definitely come in handing.  Using the Navigation button is tedious and time consuming.  Your thumb starts to hurt after a while of using it to scroll, as well.GeneralBattery will show fully charged for days, but as soon as you take a call, the battery seems to drain super quick, almost like when you have a full tank of gas and the guage doesn't move for days, but as soon as it does, you know you'll be out of gas within 50 miles.  This could be quite confusing for a first time multimedia phone user.  Would recommend to see this in a touch screen with a QWERTY keypad.  The backplate is very delicate and it feels like I'm going to break it.The other day the phone said, \"No SIM Card\" and when I opened the backplate and took the battery out, yep, there was the SIM card.  It had become unsecured.  I'm sure just pressing the battery down would've corrected this, but this could be a pain.  BTW, this happened without me dropping or jarring the phone at all.The kick stand is hard to open the first time, you're afraid you'll break it, however, afterwords it's really easy to open, but not too easy that it'll fly open on its own.If you need to relocate files from one memory source to another, it is a smooth, quick process (i.e., from MicroSD card to 16GB Memory).Quick charging time.The camera lens cover is *not* recessed, making for easy cleaning.FM Radio is excellent, you can use either the handset, headset or stereo speakers.  Also, this has the best stereo sound I have ever heard from a phone, much better than my iPod dock.
