For better or worse, it seems that smartphone reviews nowadays can't escape comparison with the iPhone, especially when that phone heavily touts its value as a consumer entertainment device. As it turns out, I'm an iPhone 3G owner (and former Windows Mobile owner) so this review is no different. I'll go ahead and spoil the ending to say that the N96 is no iPhone killer, but, refreshingly, I found that the N96 outclassed the iPhone's similar features in several areas. In fact, I'd say that while the Nokia N96 isn't for everyone,  it positions itself as a strong media phone for those wanting an alternative to the Apple ecosystem.On paper, the iPhone 3G and Nokia N96 are similar in many ways. Both have up to a 16 GB internal hard drive. Both have GPS. Both are designed to play music, games and widescreen video downloaded from the internet. Both have an \"app store\", where you can purchase and download additional programs. Both have integrated WiFi and both have 3G connectivity (HSDPA).The N96, however, is strong in areas where the iPhone is criticized for being weak. While the iPhone's camera is only 2 MP, the N96 boasts two cameras, one capable of video-calls and the other: an impressive 5 MP camera with a \"flash\" (really more of a close-range light) and lots of settings. The N96 has a removable battery, It has the capability for expanded storage with a Micro SD slot, it can send MMS messages and, most importantly, the phone is unlocked so you're not necessarily stuck with a single cellular provider!The N96 hardware has some great components and features, as well. It comes with an impressive array of accessories that most phones sell separately (for a pretty penny). Included with the phone are an AC adapter, car charger, headphone/aux extension cord with built-in media controls, and even TV-out cables!  The media and games are controlled by physical buttons which makes it easy to feel the buttons and navigate your music in the car without taking your eyes off the road. The built-in FM radio is great for local stations and, in my case, great for tuning into an FM-transmitted TV audio signal while jogging on the treadmill at my gym. The N96 also has the most impressive speakers I've heard on a portable device, producing enough volume to hurt my ears!Unfortunately, there are also several drawbacks to the N96. The N96's 2.8 inch screen, while sufficient, is smaller than the iPhone's. The Nokia app store doesn't have quite the variety and impressiveness of Apple's store. You can transfer purchased movies to the N96 from services like Amazon Unbox, but you can't  play Unbox movie rentals and the movie purchases you CAN transfer are restricted from playing via the included TV-out cables. The operating system can be difficult to use, especially because of the hardware's lack of touch screen, and lastly but most importantly, there's no keyboard, only a numeric keypad, so trying to compose emails and otherwise enter text is downright painful.All in all, however, the N96 is a very powerful entertainment phone. I think most consumers will find the ease of use and elegance of the iPhone more appealing, but I'd recommend this phone to those wanting to watch movies and play games while at the same time preferring to get their media from services like Amazon Unbox rather than the iTunes store. It's also a reasonable buy for those who travel internationally with their smartphone and want to be able to change SIM cards rather than getting ripped off by international roaming or expensive international calling plans.The price is a little steep, though not completely unusual for an high-end unlocked phone of this caliber, and overall I'd give it a weak four star rating: it's great, but far from perfect. The N97, expected in the US shortly after the first half of 2009 looks to have several improvements over the N96, but for those who want a high-end N-series phone sooner rather than later, the N96 will capably meet your needs.