Brought this phone to replace my old Motorola Atrix (a great phone, btw).  Love the big, bright HD screen; which is ultra sharp and good size.  The Atrix 4\" screen was too small for my old eyes.  Once you use the Note, you'll never go back to small phones.  I use the Kindle Ap to read ebooks on this and it is as good as our Kindle Touch.  Surfing the web and reading pdf documents is as good as any tablet, without the weight.  I no longer use our iPad for around-the-house web surfing or reading.  Try holding an iPad with one hand for more than a few minutes - doesn't happen (you'll need two hands, your lap or a stand).Positives:- Android - beats iPhone hands down for features & customization ability.  It is much closer to a PC than iPad.- the Note is a phone, tablet and eReader all in one so you just have to carry one thing. And it fits in your (men's) pants pocket.  When I travel now, it's just my cell phone and my laptop.  No more eReaders or tablets.  Best part, get the EasyTether Ap and you no longer have to pay for airport or hotel wifi.- big screen size- bigger screen size = bigger key board.  Much faster typing and fewer mistakes, almost like my old, big blackberries.- faster processor- real 4G speeds!- light weight and easily held with one hand- Samsung features are slightly different than Motorola's.  Some much better.- the pen is great for writing notes to myself (grocery list, etc.).  My kids love it for sketching.When I talk on it, my wife said it looked like I'm putting a calculator to my face.  But one side benefit of the bigger size (btw, very thin) is that the mic is closer to my mouth so I don't have to speak as loudly for the other party to hear me.Negative:  I could not buy this phone from Amazon.com (much cheaper) because of the web based ordering system; which forces one to select a new data plan (instead of keeping my old unlimited one).  Called Amazon and AT&T;, and there's no way to get around this.  Had to buy from a physical store (Costco) where they can specify keeping my old unlimited data plan.