I bought this because plugging a headset into a standard cordless phone often results in the volume being too quiet.  Also less and less cordless phones are coming with the headphone jack.I've had this for a week now and am very impressed.  It sounds good on both ends, and is very loud.  It is so loud on my line that I actually wish the volume could be turned down even lower.  I'd rather that complaint than the opposite, which is more common.I have only used this phone with the headset that they supplied, so far, but it seems like you should be able to use any standard 1/8\" compatible headset with it.  I think that Platronics or Amazon should capitalize on that more, by recommending various headphones as \"accessories\" for this system.  If they sold a similar headset to the one supplied, but with two ear phones, I would probably buy that for conferences that I want to be more fully engaged in.  The option to use higher end 'noise reducing' headphones with this set would also be nice.The menu and keypad on this phone are intuitive, well laid out, and easy to use.  No complaints there.They seem to be marketing this phone for home use, although the 300 foot range is a little short for that purpose.  I am using it at my desk at work, and it is great in that environment.In summary:Strengths:+ good sound quality on both ends+ loud volume+ compact design+ good battery life+ industry standard headset jack+ easy to use+ adequate range for office use+ no interference with other devices (at my office)+ the range seems to be similar to other DECT 6.0 phonesAreas to improve:- Should capitalize on the standard headset jack by listing compatible accessory headsets.- Volume control does not go low enough- Can't be used in the base (hangs up if you put it in the base while talking which is an issue if the battery runs out during a long call).- It would be nice if they included a line splitter in the package.  Many people use this in addition to their desk phone.Overall, I like this a lot, and am even considering buying a second one for my house.