I initially purchased this device in 2008 from AT&T when it just came out and changed 3 of them since that time. First had a problem with trackball after couple of months of use. The other one had dead pixels on the screen. So I am on my third device now.  My primary aim for this device is usage of chat software(IM+), emails and internet browsing (Opera Mini). This is by far is one of the best and user friendly devices I have used. It is not laggy as windows mobile devices, The menus can be accessed quickly with no delays. And especially multitasking (which iphone lacks) is a very nice feature that has been helping me a lot while chatting, making a phone call, and watching a video or listening to the music at the same time. Of course I had to update it with the latest firmware update. Before that, I had some java errors and spontaneous reboots, but not anymore. Since the last update I can confirm that I had NO problems whatsoever. I have few complaints though which in my opinion are minor ones and I can live with them. First is the battery life. If I am not using internet very often it may last a day and a half but when I am browsing with Opera Mini or chatting on IM+ the battery drains very quickly so I have to carry another battery with me. Another thing I would prefer to have is a nice youtube player which I can't find anywhere (I tryed a couple of them). And the youtube that plays with a native browser is just garbage, which is kind of sad because other phones like Iphone and HTC touch pro 2 can play youtube quite nicely. And last but not least is the camera. Outdoors, on the bright light you can get more or less decent pictures but if you will try to shoot a video it will come out as a total crap, pixelated with distorted lighting. And the flash isn't helping much either. Unlike for example with Nokia n97 which takes pretty decent pictures and videos. But like I said these things are minor ones and since this phone is being oriented more for a business user you can't expect to have it all. Especially I like the ability to operate this device with one hand only, which comes in handy in many situations, unlike some other phones with larger keyboards I have tried. Of course another nice feature is a multilanguage support which you can not have in windows mobile phones (e.g. convert device and keyboard interface in spanish, german or other language at no charge) Now I am only expecting the release of OS 5.0 which I will immediately install on my device. So let's see how that goes. I definitely recommend Blackberry Bold for someone who is searching for a device with push email, chatting and light internet use.