Is it any coincidence that co-founder of Apple Steve Wozniak also carries a Blackberry? Fact is that Blackberry still reigns in the business world. As intrigued as I am by the iPhone and the huge application offering, the Storm is still king in the smartphone arena. I won't give up my iPod touch anytime soon though!I've had a couple Blackberry products, so by no means am I new convert to Blackberrys. I upgraded to the Storm and received it the Saturday after released. Friends waited in line on release day for many hours, and in all honesty, it only ended up being 12-16 hours later that I got mine from Fed-Ex by the time they made it out of the stores.Out of the box, the operating system (OS) was by no means stunning. It is a good looking phone though! Shortly after the release and the problems of typing and rotation issues, the beta OS'es were hitting the web. These made for HUGE improvements in the functionality of the phone. The downside is that RIM/Verizon is SLOW to release an approved version. The current release is still .75 which fixed all the initial huge problems. All phones are delivered with .75 today. I just completed the installation of .141 this morning, which is rumored (aren't they all?) to be what will be the next official release. I have my doubts, but it is huge improvement over many of the previous beta releases I was running.The memory leaks are FINALLY gone (went away for me with .132). I am running with ~40mb of free memory, and it stays there! Before I moved to the previous beta release of .132 I had to reboot the phone daily because of memory leaks. The upgrade to .142 gave me about 8mb additional free memory.A pointer like box was added in recent beta releases which makes corrections much easier when composing an email.As strange as it may sound, typing has been consistently getting better with the OS updates. I didn't think that this would be possible, thought it was a problem with the implementation of the touch screen.A nice drop in dash mount for my leather Piehl case has also allowed me to replace my Garmin GPS. I chose the Verizon Navigation software as it is discounted through my corporate discount plan, and most importantly traffic is offered in my area. The Garmin BB software didn't offer a manual route around detours which was a problem where there isn't traffic coverage and you are notified of a road closure.The application offering is ever expanding, my favorite of which is Pandora. That replaced my Sirius subscription, and best of all, it is free.The camera isn't half bad for a cell phone, this again has been improved with newer beta releases. Geotagged pictures are pretty neat as I have a pro Flickr account which has built in integration to the phone.&lt;update 5-13-09>I downgraded from the 142 release, and since installed a Hybrid OS running leaked version 141 and a beta of the upcoming 5.0 base OS update. We're in for big things. The 5.0 Bold platform browser which is coming to the Storm is a huge leap forward. The browser is SO much faster under 5.0.Memory utilization is vastly improved as well. I hang in the mid 40mb free range. Mind you the OS shipped on the phone will be less than 10mb and require daily reboots (battery pull unless you get an application-free to do a true reset).Version 141 was rumored to be the next official VZW approved release OS, but it didn't pass QA. I do have a Bluetooth stack issue under 141 where BT cuts out from my S9 headphones after every song. It does the same thing when connected to Bluetooth in my car.