UPDATED 12/15I just so happen to love it.  But that's because I'm open minded about these types of things.  Was the thing overhyped?  Probably.  But so what?  Methinks too many people get their hopes up and expect the world when they should understand by now that NO technology is ever perfect.First of all, to those that wonder if BlackBerry has lost its touch (no pun intended), wonder no more.  Internally this is a BlackBerry, through and through.  The only real distinction between this and other BlackBerries is the screen/navigation, period.  It's still the champion of email and messages; still handles documents, still handles PDFs, still is one of the best all around communication devices there is.  In fact, behind the the pretty interface, the apps are nearly identical to that found on the Curve or Pearl.As you've likely noticed already, this device has been getting either lauded...or blasted...depending on who you talk to.  Some reviewers love it, some hate it.  99% of reviews compare it to iPhone (AT&T;), simply because of the touch screens and accelerometer.  But to be truthfully frank, that's really where the similarities end, and is the background of my review here, as I've not used an iPhone and therefore make no comparisons.  I did own an iPod Touch for about a day (returned it, couldn't stand it), so I'm familiar with some of the touch functionality found there, but ultimately I didn't get the BB for its touch; I got it because it's a BlackBerry.  If you're in the same boat, read on.As I mentioned, this has all of the functionality of the other BlackBerries.  Email on the go is the #1 feature for me and the reason I keep coming back to BlackBerry, and this one is just as good as the others, if not better.  Of notable mention is the new method of navigation on this phone; there's no scroll wheel, no \"pearl\" to scroll through options.  There are two ways to navigate: touch, and click.  Touch selects an option (referred to as \"highlighting\"), which click activates it.  This is important, because it means you can't use touch to type.  You have to use click for each key.  Some don't really care for this. Part of that is RIM's fault, because of the way they presented this functionality.  They made it seem as though the screen was some sort of soft press deal that \"felt\" like keys...when really it's a single dimple pressing a single button to activate whatever option is highlighted.  You can hopefully see where I'm going with this and why I said it that way.Sometimes you'll highlight an option not what you want, thinking you're on something else, and when you click, it will do the option you didn't want.  So for example, you'll be on a menu option attempting to close an application, and it does \"Switch Application\" instead.  You'll see \"Close\" clearly highlighted, but it does the other one.  You didn't see where the highlight shifted at the last minute.  It happens.  The reason this happens is due to the user and the adjustment period to getting used to the device.  You really need to take your time and pay attention to what's being selected; it's not like other BlackBerries where you can feel out certain options, or like some users who can select options with their eyes closed because they're just that good at the navigation.  It's just a learning curve, but one that not everyone will tolerate.I had a co-worker ask me what kind of person would enjoy this device.  It's hard to say.  What I know for certain is that if you're not a \"gadget head\", you probably won't like it.  If you're the kind of person who just needs to make calls this is not the device for you.  That's not to say it's not good at making and receiving calls, because it is...better than most other phones I've had.  It's just that, if that's all you care to do, this phone is overkill.  Same for the Sidekick/LG Voyager/Dare converts; in my opinion, this phone is way overkill.What some have to understand, is that BlackBerries are business phones.  They are designed for the business-minded individuals who need to get stuff done.  Certainly RIM has gone out of its way to \"consumerize\" the device, but at the end of the day, it's not going to have a stellar, if any, camera.  It's not going to be the ultimate media player.  It's not going to be the ultimate instant messaging machine.  But it will get stuff done efficiently.Another co-worker approached me after having bought the Storm, on the verge of returning it due to multiple frustrations with using the device.  His #1 complaint: too confusing how to figure out how to do everything.  I countered this by explaining that the main difference between iPhone and Storm is that the iPhone wants to hold your hand through the process.  It wants to \"teach\" you how to use it effectively.  The Storm, on the other hand, is still a BlackBerry at heart.  BlackBerries don't \"teach\".  They expect you to know how to do the basics already.  This can be considered a shortcoming on RIM's part, but to their credit they do run you through a setup the first time to try and help you learn the basics; quite honestly, you'll only learn by doing it and patiently working with the phone.Another concern people have, and have had since the Pearl, is with SureType, complaining that it's difficult to use.  SureType is actually more intelligent than the regular phone predictive text engines; What some miss, and the reason they get frustrated with it, is that SureType is also attempting to think for you.  There are a lot of things it will do for you without you even realizing it.  Basic things such as punctuation, first letter capitalization, etc. are all done by SureType automatically.  The best way to use SureType: don't think too hard about what's going on the screen; just spell out the words, space, period.  Repeat that, without worrying about what's happening on screen (for the most part).  If you let SureType handle the logic behind the sentence structure, you'll probably find that it's even easier to manage than standard QWERTY, even though QWERTY does some of the same things.  If you think/worry too hard about what SureType is doing, it's guaranteed to give you errors, because you're effectively fighting the engine without even realizing it.Finally, make sure you update your phone to the latest firmware as soon as you get it, as it will resolve a lot of the issues with the screen navigation and accelerometer.  Other than that there isn't really much else I can say.  Either you will like it, or you won't.  The more open-minded you are about the phone, the better the experience.
