As our own President Obama can attest to it, it is really hard to go back to any other phone once you become accustomed to using a blackberry.I am usually all things apple.  I use mac, own several of ipods..etc, but when it comes to mobile phone use, I just couldn't give up using a bberry(coming from Curve & pearl).  ( I played around with iPhone for a month but it really wasn't any different than ipod touch that I had because the phone was pretty much useless with all the dropped calls)With the Storm, I'm no longer require to carry a business phone, personal phone, ipod or a portable DVD player.About the only \"con\" I can think of about the storm is that, I can not type as fast as I used to on the Curve.( but then again, I don't think i can type as fast on any touch screen phone)also, the plug is micro USB instead of miniUSB.  which mean I can no longer use the car charger from my other bberries/or motorola chargers...MotoQ or razr.By no means, this is a perfect phone.  It has it's imperfactions.  But then again, other winMO, treo or iphone have their share of short comings or faults as well.  Yes, storm does freeze, resets once in awhile(which seemed to have stopped with OS upgrade).  But to me this really isn't a \"con\" as seeing that every other phone out there will all freeze/reset occasionally.  That's just a nature of electronics.  I mean, have you owned a smartphone/mac/PC that didn't freeze or stall on you once in awhile(ctrl+alt+Del)??Having few months under my belt, I can say that lot of the problems people have addressed in their reviews are fixable with OS upgrade and/or by having settings set correctly.  I've been an early adapter for phones like MOTO Q, Treos, and iPhone.  Compared to those phones, I think RIM is coming along just fine as far as working out the kinks and having bugs fixed thru OS updates.  Even the iphone fanboys have to admit, it took them almost a year before iphone became where it's at current state.Now to some things I like about this phone.- Verizon network coverage..  Call quality is superb as usual just like all of my past Bberries.  not 1 dropped call.(might be a RIM hardware thing, cuz my Moto Q used to drop calls once in awhile)**set aside all the bells and whistles, this should be your most important factor in choosing a phone.  I'm not suggesting Verizon has best coverage in your area..  I'm sure there are areas verizon lacks coverage where others excel at.- instant email & Blackberry Messenger  (2 things that no other phones can compare/compete with and what makes it my \"crackberry\")- being able to use AIM, Yahoo MSGer, google talk all simultaneously  (waiting on Jivetalk to come out with  the update, which will enable me to use 1 program for all IM programs)- visual voice mail(being able to check vmail without having to call in...shows lengh of msg, who it's from..etc before you even check the actual message)- shooting videos, being able to upload online(eg. youtube) rightaway, or sending via MMS- takes great quality of photos (easy upload to flkr, facebook..etc)- using Trapster, getting warnings about upcoming speedtraps, camera lights is a lifesaver($$$ saver too)- streaming online radios (Moodio, flycast..etc)- Being able to wirelessly sync(google sync) contacts, calendar with Google acct.- Full fuctional GPS with 3rd party apps.  (trapster, Nav4all..etc)- Full HTML browsings  (if BB browser doesn't do it for you, check out BOLT browser)- being able to just drag&drop; movies, songs, ringtones, pics straight into storm without 3rd party app. (both on Mac and PC) you can use it like a flash Drive or external Hard Drive.- Great Media player  (viewing photos, music, Video)  Watching a full length movie on the storm is amazing.  Really no other phone out there can compare to quality of this screen  except maybe Blackberry BOLD.- Being able to listen to music/movie via bluetooth headset/speaker or having it piped thru my car stereo via bluetooth using (Motorokr T505)- not sure what other documents it can open/view, but I was able to open MS word, Excel, Powerpoint slide show, & Adobe PDF files no problems on storm.- being able to tether via bluetooth to use as wireless modem for my laptop.- Being able to changeout batteries and micro SD card.  (Those long plane rides are not so long anymore with 2 extra batteries and a extra 16GB cards along with 8GB card that came with the phone)*I covert my DVD's to 600-700MB sized file, so you can imagine how many movies I can carry on a 16GB card.-being able to Multitask.  eg. I can listen to streaming radio while my AIM is online in the backgroud and I'm checking my email.- Being able to have it \"Unlocked\" - took me about 5 mins with Vzw rep to have my phone SIM unlocked.  This means, even though it is a CDMA phone here in US, when I travel overseas, I can just pop in a pre-paid GSM SIM card from that country without having to pay for roaming fees(this makes a truly world phone for me).  I did test with my buddy's AT&T;, T-Mo simcard to make test calls/txts and it worked flawlessly.**I'm not saying other phones aren't capable of these things.  I'm just stating some things that I like doing on/about the storm.With few more OS updates and upcoming Apps store in March, I would never trade this for any other phone that are currently out in the market.  (Bberry Bold & Curve 8900 would be an exception, but then again, AT&T; & T-MO really can't compare to network coverage and Quality of Verizon in my area
