This is the best, most useful phone I have ever encountered overall.First of all, while I always prefer a phone with a real, rather than virtual QWERTY keyboard, the click-touch interface at least gives a tactile response to the user.  This interface also helps distinguish between merely selecting (highlighting) something and commanding an execution.  One of the great things about this interface is that it uses the type of contact used in the IPhone, where the device recognizes you with a mere laying of your finger onto the screen.  Having previously used a Voyager which requires a physical push of the screen to recognize anything, this electrical type of interface is much easier.  Unlike the push touchscreens which have a hard time discerning between merely selecting and executing a command, the fact that Research in Motion added a clickable aspect to the screen makes entering commands easier and more clear.  By the way, even the IPhone can have that problem as it has to recognize a mere placement or swipe of the screen (highlighting) and a tap (executing a command). There are those who feel that the clickable screen slows down texting.  Yes, that will be true compared to a real QWERTY or the IPhone's keyboards, but less mistakes will be made on this virtual keyboard.  When selecting a link on a web page, for instance, you merely slide your finger over the screen until you get to the link you wish to click on, then push down with a click and you're where you want to go.Speaking of the browser, it's quite quick (The new IPhone also has a WiFi option, which IS really quick, and that's what you're using when you're in an Apple store.).  On top of that, there's something pretty great with the Storm I have not seen on other phones (just to say that I may not be aware of any, not that there aren't).  You can set the internet browser to appear to the web page you land on as either a Blackberry mobile device or appear to the page as either a Firefox or Internet Explorer browser.  Why is this important?  Some sights work better with Internet Explorer or Firefox browsers.  Sometimes, you don't want to get the webpage's mobile site.  For example, The Boston Globe's mobile website,[...], is very limited.  When I go there, I usually switch from the Blackberry mobile browser to either Firefox or Internet Explorer where I can get the full website.  This phone has no problem with most full websites.  I have encountered sites where you need to put in a user name and password and find that the full browser works better.This phone has an accelerometer.  I'm not sure HOW they work, but, like the IPhone, it automatically changes its orientation depending on how you hold it. If you hold it vertically, it gives you a vertical orientation, etc.There are so many features built into the phone, including a GPS, which will map any area and provide directions, but no voice help.  For that, you can use the Verizon VZNavigator, but that's an extra charge.  The media player can play many types of music files including straight .wav files (which is the file type used on CDs, so you get the same quality sound you get from your CDs.).  Most players can only play the very compressed .mp3 files.  You don't even need special software to download files from your computer (though the Blackberry comes with a few programs to help you do this).  Simply connect the Blackberry to your computer, then drop and drag the files you want from your computer to the Blackberry drive using Windows Explorer.The phone can multi-task.  There is a task manager, which allows you to switch between open applications without closing them.The screen itself is pretty spectacular and the phone comes with a preview to a film just to show you how much it's capable of.  While most downloaded files are not of great quality, I have streamed .mp4s and they show up quite sharp.The built in 3.2mp camera is sharp, but not spectacular.  It's color correction is not adjusted as well as it could be, but overall it ain't bad.  There is a built-in flash.There are lots and lots of applications now available for the Storm, and they take advantage of the power and screen quality of the device, including a dedicated YouTube interface.  There is a Prodigy for Blackberry.  This was really Blackberry's attempts at rivaling the IPhone for sure.  Someone said to me that this is an IPhone for business people.Here's the downside to the phone and it's why I haven't given it 5 stars.  The documentation for users stinks.  A lot of this capability I only found through  trial and error or talking with either Verizon's own Blackberry service (they have a separate group that handles Blackberry only) and Blackberry's own people.  Comparing Verizon's literature that came with the Voyager and other phones I have used which talked about the littlest minutiae, Blackberry's documentation leaves a lot to be desired.  Thank goodness I'm pretty intuitive in this area and I know to poke around.  Still, there are things I would have liked to know from the documentation that are fairly basic.I'll cite just a few examples:You like that one can drop and drag files directly into the Blackberry Storm by using Windows Explorer?  Nothing in the documentation on that.  I found discovered this while talking to one of the RIM guys up in Canada.Want to customize your screen to eliminate icons of programs you won't use?  Or how 'bout how to customize the \"desktop\" of your phone?  Well, there's nothing in the documentation -- not in the booklet accompanying the phone, nor on the accompanying the CD, nor online.  I went to the Blackberry website and did a search from the front page. I put in \"icon\" into the search.  The only thing that came up were pages on how to create your own icons.  Again, a tech was able to explain how to do this.Third example:  When using the camera, there are several icons or numbers across the lower camera screen.  Some of them are obvious, some are curious and one, as it turns out, isn't used (the designers intially put it in and then opted not to use it, though it wasn't removed entirely).  There is NO explanation in the documentation as to what each of the icons or numbers represent.  Contrast this to the Voyager's documentation which explains each and every button and visual.  No stone unturned in that documentation.  Yes, the flash can be turned on automatic mode, off mode or forced mode, but is there anything that mentions this?  No.4th example:  That wonderful feature allowing you to switch browser-type I mention above?  I only learned about this by talking to one of the techs when I was having trouble working on a website.  Again, there is nothing in the accompanying documentation about this.So, there is a myriad of ways to customize the phone in terms of its functionality (not so much visually).  Most of these are found by using the Blackberry's menu button.  Unfortunately, some things you want to alter may need to be altered while in the application and others from the home screen.  You'll have to learn which are which strictly through trial and error.Contrast this to the IPhone.  Apple has mastered user intuitiveness.  The IPhone's interface is so obvious, at least to me.  I hardly needed to know the phone to know how to use it and how to get where I wanted to go.  The IPhone does have an open platform so many designers are coming up with apps for it.  The interface is quite elegant.  The home screen is simple and then drilling down is intuitive.But I can download files of all types and attach them in emails using the Blackberry.  An Apple rep told me that someone is working on a application which will allow downloading of files and attachment to emails.  When that happens, I'll consider it.  And while Blackberry's monthly fee is higher than Verizon's, it comes with unlimited data AND video and picture messaging, and I believe, the fee is less than AT&Ts; monthly fee.Bottom line here -- the Storm is INCREDIBLY capable.  The user interface just isn't as elegant or intuitive for the non-computer type users.  If you can be patient, and will to make a few phone calls to the techs (Clearly, they value Blackberry users business, as you get right through, no waits and all from US call centers.), once you have learned the quirks (the learning curve on this is much higher than on the IPhone), it's a wonderful and very useful phone.  The up and coming Storm 2 will apparently include WiFi (useful), but may not have the click screen (I, personally, would miss this feature, but I understand it can slow down the person who is a fast text message wiz.).I'm curious about the new Droid phone Verizon is touting.  I stick with Verizon.  Everyone I know who has tried AT&T; has not been the happiest with the quality of the reception they get when in the US.
