If you have been researching this phone you are likely to have come across a lot of negitive reviews comparing it to the iPhone. I must admit that if Verizon had the iPhone I might have chosen it over this (at least until RIM releases a software patch or two). But as it is AT&T; service is horrible, so the iPhone os not an option for me and those who prefer Verizon's service. If you want to stay with Verizon this is a great phone. Let me give a run down of its pros and cons.PROS:-It has great reception (the most important feature seeing as its a phone).-Its a touch screen, which can be a pro or con depending on whether you can get used to a touch screen or not.-Decent internet speed, even indoors.-Good MP3 and video playing capabilities, on par with the iPhone I tried.-A great camera as far as phones go. Obviously not a replacement for a stand alone camera, but no phone camera is.-Unlike my old Curve you can use the built in GPS without paying for VZNavigator.-Bright, clear screen that is much better looking than the iPhone I tried.-Sleek look.-Its a Blackberry, previous and current BB users will find a lot of familier features here.-Does not require iTunes, but it supports it if you wish to use it.CONS:-Its slow. It often freezes while doing the simplest things like turning or switching menus. On the bright side this seems like it could be fixed with a software upgrade.-Its a touch screen, which can be a pro or con depending on whether you can get used to a touch screen or not.-Like the iPhone (and any other touchscreen phone), the on screen keyboard can take some getting used to. In this case the SureType feature in particular.-Typicall early adobter syndrom. If you buy this you know that it is likely an improved version will be released in a year or two. Also as of right now accessories are hard to come by along with apps taylored to the Storm (luckely most Blackberry aps work on it). The last two issues will likely dissapear when the stores stock more accessories and the App Store launches next year (along with more 3rd parties supporting the Storm).All in all I'd say if you want a an iPhone, without switching to AT&T; and their lousy service you won't regret getting a Storm. I love it, and its likely to only get better through software updates. As for the price its basically $30 or $45 (depending on whether you need/want corperate e-mail or not) on top of your regular Voice plan charges, as is the case with all Blackberry devices.