If you are already familiar with Windows Mobile and or love to tinker with the workings of applications and the Windows environment, you'll really like this phone.We ordered both an iPhone and the Fuze at the same time.  I use the Fuze and my wife uses the iPhone.  Both have allot of terrific features and work very well, but they each have their niche of optimal user.  It is very much like comparing a Mac to a PC.  Whereas the iPhone is a relatively seamless package that just works, the Fuze provides customization options and access to countless outside applications that can keep one tinkering endlessly.  Sure, you could just stick to the AT&T; provided interface and applications and get a very decently working smartphone, but that's like asking Michael Phelps to break world records while wearing a business suit.I'm not going to go down the list of pros and cons outside of that because there are plenty of other reviews here and elsewhere to do that for you, but to sum it up:  If you just want something that works well and never want to tinker with how it works, there are better options, like the iPhone.  But if you want something that can do virtually everything the iPhone can do (the most noteable exception being no multi-touch on the Fuze) with the option to expand and modify it, the Fuze is a great platform to do that.Other points worth noting if you are the type to keep your mobile devices for several years are that you can simply replace a dying battery yourself with the Fuze, vs. sending the iPhone back to Apple, and the microSD card slot allows slick and easy memory swaps and upgrades.  Plus you are not tied to using iTunes to manage your applications and data when connected to a computer, with the option to use Microsoft ActiveSync or simple drag and drop style file transfer.  But don't expect it to be as easy either.  ;)The bottom line is that while my wife loves her iPhone and would never think to edit a registry setting, I love the versatility to tinker with the Fuze in ways that you simply cannot with the iPhone.  Similarly, I would never give my non-tech savvy mother a Fuze, whereas the iPhone would keep the \"Can you fix my computer?\" type of calls to a minimum.I only took away one star for two reasons.  The first of which was all of the useless demos and applicatons cluttering up the menus that AT&T; has included to sell you more stuff, and for the bulkiness of the package.  Sure it's allot to ask to stuff that much technology into something so small, but the similarly powerful iPhone manages it in a package half the thickness, although without the physical keyboard which I have found to be indispensable.