If you're already comfortable with Windows Mobile, but want a phone with a little more iPhone-styled eye candy, I would say the Fuze is an option you should consider.  The CoverFlo might be appealing to some users, but turning it off was actually one of the first things I did upon purchasing the product.  For better or for worse, I'm used to Windows 6.x and I had no ambition to learn a new system.  Additionally, the CoverFlo would automatically hide some of the must-have Today Screen plug-ins I've become dependant on in the last year.The slide-out QWERTY responds well, but I'm dismayed at the lack of dedicated number keys.  I don't understand the logic of having a dedicated ( ) / or : keys...but not numbers.  It seems to me that people use the number \"1\" more often than the \";\" in text messages and emails.  The touch screen keyboard is big enough so that finger typing is quite possible with just a little practice, should you not want to pull out the stylus.  I am disappointed with the lack of buttons on the phone's front and the d-pad is one of the worst I've dealt with.The screen is amazingly crisp and bright.  It automatically adjusts to your lighting situation and does a respectable job even in sunlight.  This is a significant improvement over the previous two WM phones I've owned.  The screen definitely makes your overall experience more enjoyable.The biggest plus is the camera.  At 3.1MP with autofocus, I would say this might nearly pass as a digital camera replacement.  Every picture I've taken looks very sharp and is vastly superior to most phones out there.  It even records video in the MP4 format.  The clarity is decent and the frame rates are okay for a camera phone.  However, I'd still hang on to that digital camcorder for special events.  The Fuze's video is not as crisp as its still photos.I'm not overly impressed with the integrated GPS.  Yes, it does work with free programs like Google Maps...however, it spends a little too much time looking for satellites.  During a couple instances, I could not get it to find me at all while in the car.  If you're going to rely heavily on the HTC for GPS navigation, prepare yourself for a little frustration.One of the Fuze's best features is hidden in the Windows system folder.  There is a YouTube application that runs very well on AT&T;'s 3G network.  I would even dare to say the quality of YouTube is better on the Fuze than the iPhone itself.  My significant other has the iPhone 3G and in our side-by-side comparison, we both agreed the HTC prevails.Oh yeah, the Fuze makes calls, too.  I almost forgot that part!  There is nothing remarkable (or disappointing) about the call quality.  Personally, I think the volume is a little low even when cranked to the max.  You may have a different experience.  The onboard speaker is not tremendous either, so you'll want a headset if you plan on listening to music.In summation: Great screen, excellent camera, decent overall functionality, but the GPS and conspicuous absence of some keys might be frustrating at times.  I definitely like the phone and feel most WM6 users will as well.