I am writing this review after using the phone for 4 days. The phone is really very good. I would rate it 5 out of 5 if it was under the bracket of 10K.Look & Feel : The phone looks like a premium phone and being 5.2 inch screen phone, it is really very handy. This is a perfect size phone. 5/5Display : The display is sharp and clear and looks good for all tasks. But brightness seems to be low if uses auto mode. One has to put the brightness at more than 60% level to get better clarity. The visibility in sunlight is not up to the mark. 4/5Sound : Sound output is loud and clear and the speaker does does the job well. 4.5/5Performance : The phone scores good rating in terms of performance. One will not feel any lag in the phone while multi tasking. The processor is excellent and does not have heating issue even while charging. Though the RAM is 2 GB and phone with the same prices tag are available with 3GB RAM in market, but 2GB RAM works fine and phone runs smooth with 2gigs of RAM.. 5/5Network, Call Quality & Connectivity : The phone have no issue with network coverage and I get better network signals than my Samsung phone. The call quality is decent and clear to hear. The most important thing the phone lacks is VoLTE. I am wondering why the company does not offer VoLTE feature in the phone though the processor is VoLTE supported. Reliance Jio user may have to disappoint because of this. I hope company will soon launch an update with VoLTE feature. 4/5UI & Proprietary Apps : The User Interface is clear Simple and easy to use but does not have an App Drawer. Notification Menu is customizable but one can set only 9 shortcuts in the Notification menu. The phone comes with some pre-installed apps like clean master, Health app, WPS office and Some honor apps. But the best part is one can uninstall the app which are actually not needed. 4.5/5 Finger Print Sensor : The phone has a Finger Print Sensor at rear panel just below camera. It works like a charm. It unlocks the phone with a blink. It can also be used for checking notification and scrolling into gallery. 5/5Camera : The primary camera is 13 MP and secondary camera is 8 MP. I liked both the cameras in light conditions. The phone is not the camera centric phone but takes good photos and selfies.Other Features : The phone comes with 2 SIM slots but unfortunately the second slot can be used either for SIM card or for Storage / SD Card. This could be the most annoying thing in this phone. The phone has small LED light indicator just near the front Cam and almost invisible when off. The phone quality is better and any other phone with the same price tag but hybrid SIM slot and VoLTE features are missing in the phone. One can go for it if need a phone with power packed performance, excellent network & premium look.