the Lumia 521 has far exceeded my expectations!Software:The first thing that caught my attention was how surprisingly fluid this phone is for a 1 ghz dual core phone. It is more fluid than the nexus 4 and just as smooth as the iPhone 5S; it just goes to show how amazing the software is optimized. You would think this was a higher clocked quad core phone! The live tiles are pretty useful as I don't have to dig deep into apps to find info, like the weather for example. The customizability isn't as good as the Android platform but on par with iOS, because well, Apple doesn't let you change much unless you are jail broken. I believe the engineers for Microsoft is on par with Apple.Hardware:The Lumia 521 has a 1 ghz dual core Snapdragon S4 plus processor with 512 mb of RAM. It has lower end specs in the smartphone world but it doesn't show it when you're scrolling and going through different apps.Camera:First off, I use my iPhone for pictures, which is among the top two (Lumia 1020) so it further makes the 5 megapixel camera on this phone seem sub par, but takes decent photos in a well-lit environment, keyword: well-lit. That was one of the gripes I had with this phone, that it doesn't have a flash. The video cam takes 720p video and actually fares well. The Nokia Smart Cam takes a series of rapid fire photos and has features like best shot, remove moving object and change faces. The change faces feature is really useful. You can actually change just the face and keep the background the way it is in case someone blinked or like another smile better. Overall, it's just okay, nothing to write home about. Another thing it lacked was a front facing camera so if you video chat, you might want to look elsewhere.Apps:Yes, their App Store is pretty limited compared to iOS and Android. It does however has a lot of useful apps like Microsoft Office and the weather channel. I expect it to continue to grow as the popularity grows.Connectivity:One thing that this phone lacked that is fairly common in smartphones is LTE connectivity. It is limited to HSPA+ 21 which is plenty fast for web browsing. Hey, they had to cut corners somewhere for this price point.Battery:It has a relatively small 1430 mAh battery but the software is very well optimized for minimal battery usage. You can enable a battery saver feature that kicks in at around 30% charge. I easily got a full day out of it, 28 hours to be exact. Since the battery is small, it charges very fast, roughly 2, maybe 3 hours to fully charge.Overall:My overall impression is like mostly all of the reviews, a GREAT value. Probably the best bang for your buck in terms of lowest price (competes with the Nexus 5; 2.3 ghz quad core - but that's around $350) and I managed to nab one for $69.99. I gave this 4 stars for lack of LTE and a flash for the camera. This is a solid backup or a great phone for smartphone introduction and I highly recommend.