The main reason (deal killer) for me is that Windows 8 phones cannot play .wav files (meaning I can't use it to listen to my email voicemails) even though the specifications on the Verizon website say it does (false advertising?).I feel bad giving this device such a terribly low rating because the device itself is quite nice however, the OS's limitations rendered it practically useless to me but if it cannot perform some very basic functions, it just becomes a very fancy paperweight.First off, let me address the phone itself: It is indeed a very attractive piece of equipment that garnered a lot of compliments in the three days that I used it. The display is amazing, its response is fast and fluid and in general it looks and feels like a solid, quality device. Coming from a Motorola Razr Maxx, I was afraid no other phone would keep me happy, as the Razr Maxx's massive battery had really spoiled me. However, I was fairly impressed with the battery capacity of the Lumia 928 which, after average use, I would end up with 50% - ~30% remaining at the end of a typical 12 -14 hour day. I also purchased the vertical wireless charging cradles which I immediately fell in love with - they make charging such an easy, convenient task. I'm not much of a cell phone photographer but the picture quality (without flash - more on this below) is stunning. Call quality is super clear and the speakers/mic certainly live up to their tasks. Now on to the shortcomings...Cons:Integrated Battery - cannot add a larger capacity batteryNo Memory Expansion - I really didn't mind when I bought it due to SkyDrive. However, with memory cards being so cheap, I really resent the new trend in committing your memory capacity on an otherwise extremely versatile piece of equipment.Xenon Flash - Although the camera is impressive, the xenon flash gives pictures a very yellowish tint - best to take pics without flash.Lack of Swype - Android has really spoiled me on this one (originally a Microsoft feature? and man, do I miss the physical, vertical QWERTYs - never had to look at my phone to accomplish one-handed texting on those!). Although WP8 uses word prediction, it's still not quite as practical #(wasn't it also a Microsoft product to begin with?).Lack of a Built-In Bedside App - the last few phones I have had prior to this turn the phone into a bedside clock when plugged into the charging dock. There's an available app but it's not automatic. Not a big deal, but just a slight annoyance.Last But Not Least - The OS Limitations...Fist off, as I mentioned earlier, the windows 8 phones cannot play .wav files (at least some variants). I receive my voicemails from work via email so when I'm away from the office, I get an email and immediately listen to the voicemail. First email I received, and I get a popup to the extent of \"sorry, cannot play this type of file.\" I read several forums and this has been a known issue since at least November of last year and although some people have reported that Microsoft is working on a solution, I found none. I contacted Verizon, Microsoft and Nokia which they all confirmed wav files are not supported. I wasn't given any expectation of a fix, much less a timeframe. As such, I cannot use this phone or any WP8 phone for that matter (All my previous phones - every variant of a Motorola Droid has never had a problem playing my voicemail attachments). There's a couple of online services that convert the wav files and reroute the emails to you, but this did not work for me, since my faxes get emailed as well and when I tried the service, my fax messages disappeared in the cloud. A luck few have been able to get their phone providers to change they type of file extension they send out, but I had no such luck. Such a shame, because I really liked this phone. I had been waiting several years for a decent Windows phone to become available (to integrate with all my office applications for mobility) and when it finally came, it was a huge disappointment.Other than the wav files issue, Windows 8 phones cannot sync directly with Microsoft Out