The metro interface carried from Windows Phone 8 is a fantastic touch interface, but having a regular desktop, micro sd slots,full usb ports made them the most versatile platform by far. Windows Phone 8 on the other had is a more limited, simplistic, and straightforward OS. Coming from Several Android, Iphone, Blackberry and even Windows Phone 5/6 devices I was pretty excited to see how things would work.Design: Honestly as first I thought it was a bit chunky, It has a lot of bezel, and is pretty thick. However after using it I really realized this actually helped usability a lot. It feels better in the hand and it's easier to operate than some of the phones trying to be as thin and bezel free as they can. Every time I hold it I just think that this is the best feeling phone I've ever had, I'm just really in love with the design now. Honestly I think they could have gone better with making it a 16gb with a micro sd slot, but windows phone isn't so great with SD cards I don't think (read software for more info) so i think it had something to do with that. One other thing I really miss is a notification LED on the front notifying me of missed texts/calls etc.Performance: Even though it's last gen hardware now, 1.5 ghz S4, 1gb ram, 720p screen it doesn't hold it back at all. The screen looks gorgeous (I can't tell the difference between a 720 and 1080p smartphone screen honestly) and it performs like a champ. It would have been nice to have 2gb of ram when going through the multitasking sometimes it had to resume the item which takes quite a bit.Software: Here's the big difference, The software, in a word is refreshing. The animations I thought would get annoying but keep the flow of movement really well, and when it gets done 9 times out of 10 the app is ready and loaded right away.Live tiles are really great, I had a couple of issues with some not updating right, but either way they make the main screen extremely lively. The \"app drawer\" I guess is what you would call it when you swipe to the right, It is functional but with only a single line of apps it makes kind of cumbersome sometimes.Windows phone 8 also doesn't allow access to the file system like android does. For instance I had a comic book reading application to read some .CBR files I had. I couldn't connect my phone to the computer and put the files on the phone to use though, I had to upload them to skydrive, then link my account with the app and download them. While I'm glad that atleast you can do this, it makes a 2 step process to like 5+ steps. The only thing I really found I could drop on and use from the internal memory was media files.One odd thing about the software is the search button, on windows 8 the search button will search throughout whichever app your in which is great. However the search button on windows phone is only a hotkey for Bing. It's kind of counter-intuitive, and should honestly just be a Bing button.Apps: This is a grey area, of course Nokia can only do so much on this front, it's up to the developers to make these apps, and Microsoft to attract them. Most every app from my previous android phone I was able to find. The community has been really great at making great alternatives to the missing apps like Flipboard, instagram, youtube and most everything else, finding the needed apps wasn't really a problem. A big HOWEVER though is that I found some apps missing functionality, they were like the red headed stepchild app of their android/iphone counterpart. For instance in both the official ebay app and an alternative one I was unable to add tracking information on my sales or manage my messages really. This is just one of a few I found that were just not up to par with the functionality i expected. Most of the time it isn't a deal breaker but it's something to think about.Things I miss are firstly a notification center. I pretty much manage everything with the live tiles but it would be great to have a spot to just check everything together though. Widgets I don't miss much, the tiles replace it almost mostly for me though one thin