p to give it a try but sadly those prospects aren't looking good. I've been using the Razr HD and normally i would be fine with it but Motorola's software is just slower than the competition, it just felt like I was running on a much less spec'd phone. So I decided to bite the bullet and just upgrade to a GS4 after reading up on it a bunch. So lets get on with it and see what I thought.Design: This is where people give ALOT of hate. It's not the best but honestly as far as plastic phones go It's not bad. It does have a premium look to it, the plastic on the black one atleast has a nice kind of diamond etched looking design which looked good and hided fingerprints a bit. I would have preferred a more matte finish but its not the worst. Honestly the plastic is good for durability though, these phones you can drop and drop without making any scuffs or scratches. The design is more flat and less curved so even though it is thinner than the S3 at first glance it kind of eludes to be the other way around. Button placement is decent I wish the power button was a bit lower and that it has a camera button, also would be nice to have a micro hdmi out but they aren't deal breakers. The button layout is decent, I kind of wish they had a multitask button but it works well. The one suggestion I have for Samsung is they should have made an optical pad out of the home button (ala the OG Droid Inc) . I went through Verizon and held the DNA and the Lumia 928 and the GS4 just felt alot better in hand.Performance: Some of the reviews claimed slowdown and I'm happy to see that I haven't really seen any slowdown. The phone responds really well to touch and apps open swiftly, games run like a charm, nothing to complain here its much better than my Razr. I even have my CPU power save checked and i don't notice any slowdown.Software: More like software overload, this thing is packed. I've been using smartphones since before the Htc G1 (first android phone) and I'm well versed in everything android and this phone sort of overwhelmed me with features. Features like smart stay, smart pause, smart scroll, air gesture, palm motion, air view, smart motion. I would recommend googling them for full explanations. I use smart stay which stops the screen from turning off when it detects me looking at it,and airview which allows me to hover my finger over something to get info. The homescreen is well done, samsungs is pretty useful and speedy, I get quick settings in the dropdown menu and the stock messaging, calander, browser work well though the Nature theme is looking dated. I fell in love with multi window when I tried it though, running 2 apps side by side works seamlessly and quick. It is alot like the snap windows in windows 8.Sidenote: one annoyance on the Verizon version only is they have a constant, irremovable wifi notification that does a great job at being really annoying, this is a carry over from the same thing that everyone hated on the GS3 apparently verizon didn't care.Storage: 16gb is enough, in reality you only get like 10 for apps, I have like 50 apps installed and still have over half left though.Camera: The camera is great, like I said earlier I wish It had a physical button but eh no big deal. Lots of cool features, 1080p recording with the ability to snap photos during recording is great. There is a night mode, voice option, continuous shooting mode which are great. Photos don't snap extremely fast but they are quick enough and I can set my volume keys as a shutter button. One feature I love is you can take slow motion video at 1/2 1/4 and 1/8th speed and at a resolution of 800x450 which believe it or not isn't bad at all for slow motion video. Picture and video quality is decent enough for a camera phone nothing bad.Screen: looks brilliant, honestly at first look I can't really tell the advantage of 1080p screens on this tiny of a device but comparing with other another device it does look better. Samsung AMOLED's are always great, and have really true blacks.Signal: Signal seems decent, it was showing slightly lower than my razr 