I got this S4 as a second line in my family so got the opportunity to compare to the old S3.- both seem about the same size though S4 slightly larger- I really like that the S4 went for a flat screen glass instead of the curved one of the S3. screen protectors seem to last longer on it. S3 was impossible to put a screen protector on before it would start peeling. Using tech armor clear HD on my S4 currently which looks and feels good. no peeling.- battery life about the same, but I go for the extended battery. any company should be about the same but i've had Onite for 1+ yrs now and that is solid. realize though extended battery will at least double the weight and make the back thicker. it does last easily 24hrs even with heavy usage. NFC remains in the battery and remains kinda useless.- S4 rim is flatter compared to the tapered rim of the S3. i find the S4 easier to hold. I would get a rim case or bumper case at least though as it is super easy to drop both phones.- S4 reception seems slightly better in fact in my area which gets poor verizon reception (yeah i know, they actually have areas of bad reception)- camera is sharp and fast. about the same for both.- S4 has 4.2.2 while S3 has 4.1.2 android. I find the 4.2.2 a slightly better OS but both are solid. noticeable differences are that 4.2.2 shows all connectivity on the top bar (wifi and 4g together), the samsung keyboard has numbers at the top line so you don't have to change keyboard template or hold down keys to enter numbers. (note both are getting upgraded to 4.3 in Oct it sounds like. very cool.)- voice and audio about the same for both. people seem to hear me just fine and i hear them just fine.- note the S4 gets really hot against the ear, more than the S3. this is kinda annoying but i use bluetooth headsets a lot.- both are snappy and responsive.-----In the end, since both are getting Android 4.3 soon, either is fine to have and an awesome phone, but the S4 having a flat screen to allow screen protectors is pretty huge for me as i put my phone thru a lot of abuse. As I use my phone a lot and don't mind the weight, I strongly prefer the S3/S4 over motorola or iphone because of the option to use expanded battery. That was the deciding factor for me.