Basically, what I need in a cell phone is the ability to make calls to people I want to speak with, and to receive calls from people who need to speak with me.  That's it!Of course, any old phone will do that, but there's my image to look out for, so I also want it to look expensive and sleek, to be able to pick up signals even in office blocks, have long battery life, and have tons of cool features to talk about, even if I never use them.  The ability to withstand sudden impacts and the occasional passing shower is also an asset.So far, this phone has met all my needs as follows:(1) It makes calls just great(2) It receives calls clearly(3) It looks trendy with its cute little handle-shaped antenna, which is very useful as a handle when pulling it from your bag(4) It's not the most expensive, but it looks like a million bucks(5) It picks up signals in office buildings (and elsewhere)(6) Excellent battery life(7) It fell and survived  (JAN 16 - EDIT: IT FELL AGAIN AND THE INTERIOR DISPLAY IS DAMAGED. THE PHONE HOWEVER STILL WORKS)(8) It got drizzled on and survivedFeature wise:(1) It has a camera and can take video recordings(2) You can set up speed dialing fairly easily(3) It has flashing lights when it rings, and you can change the light shows (or turn the darn thing off already)(4) Lots of memory for lots of numbers, e-mail addresses, birthdays and so on(5) You can set different lights and ring tones for each one of your friends(6) You can show a different photo on the display outside to the one inside.(7) It has a stopwatch and calculator(8) It has a loud speaker! (All the better for us all to hear you my dear)(9) Media player, and use can use a headphone (sold separately)(10) Voice activated commands (Answer and Busy, or you choose)(11) Changeable covers to meet your mood (Always gray, thank you)(12) Big numbers and letters for easy dialing and text messages (if you're the texting kind)(13) It can vibrate!!!!!!!! (Call me back! Call me back!)(14) I had somebody send me Crazy Frog as a ring tone, so I can REALLY annoy my favorite people.  (It's got Bluetooth and infra-red for transferring data - but don't ask me how to use them - I just like saying that I have it)(15) Lots of shortcut keys to get to things quickly(16) Internet services (I can't use these yet, because my provider doesn't offer it)(17) it has a very nice alarm clock featureThings not so great about it:(1) The position of the camera button is bad for me.  I use a Body Glove case, and when I pull out the phone, I sometimes inadvertently take a picture on the way out.  Similarly when trying to open it in a hurry.(2) The picture quality isn't the best(3) It's not easy to open with one hand(4) While the volume buttons are conveniently placed on the side, I sometimes hit them when answering a call.(5) The sound is kinda tinny(6) Not enough cool ring tones (yeah, I can get more, but using Bluetooth means I have to read the manual)(7) You have to remember to use the arrow keys to get to other tabs in the menus to see all the features(8) Speed dialing needs two buttons (I'm accustomed to holding down one button)(9) The lights go out really quickly before you can finish deciding what you're looking forOverall, a great phone for the price, and it looks good too.