I did a lot of research on phones before finally settling on the W600i phone. I really didn't need an MP3 player as I usually carry a PDA with me as well, but the features on this phone were just too good to pass up. I considered a Motorola RAZR but saw a lot of complaints about battery life. Well, no problems here! I've previously been using a SE T616 which had superb battery life, and this phone is equally as good. Which is certainly important if you do plan to use it as a music player.First things first...entering phone numbers. So tedious on most phones, and something I always dread. Thankfully, the W600i came with software to sync with Outlook. It took me a little while to figure out the syncing software. When you hook the phone up to USB, it can go into phone mode or file mode and for some reason the software always tells me it can't find the phone if it is in file mode. So to sync, I had to put it in phone mode. Turns out file mode was used only for transferring MP3s. Still tells me it can't find the phone, yet the transfer did work! Sometimes when I plug it in, my computer won't see it without rebooting, which cost me a lot of time and aggravation trying to figure out as well. So somewhat annoying implementation here, but such a time saver, and something I've never had before at all with a phone, so it's hard to gripe. I usually don't bother to put appointments and tasks on my cell phone, but since they just sync with Outlook, now that's easy to do as well. This may not be a SmartPhone, but it could replace a PDA for casual users.The MP3 player is decent enough. Sound quality was much better than I expected. Then I tried the built-in FM radio. Wow, awesome reception here! The cord acts as an antennae so you have to be sure to unwind it for best results, but considering how far from the stations I am, I was quite impressed with how nice it sounded. Some simple equalizer settings, nothing special. Only gripe would be the lack of an external memory card, there's certainly room for one so it should have been added. I guess Sony's proprietary Memory Stick would be large to squeeze in, so rather than add a SD slot, they just left it out completely. Booo to that.Phone data features worked great. I got even better reception on the W600i than my T616 and now also have Edge. Had no problems using Bluetooth to connect up to my PDA and laptop, and speeds were pretty nice. The Media Net services worked fast and there were some nice demo services included as well. Not sure I will pay for these but definitely worth considering.Camera is better than most cell phone cameras I have used, but still nothing great. The pseudo-flash is at least an attempt to improve indoor shots but any real camera still beats the pants off it. You can even use the little flash-light as an SOS beacon if you get lost. ;-) Even better is the image import included with the PC software. Was nice to easily copy over GOOD photos to use for my contacts.To use the keypad, you have to swivel the back of the camera down. It makes a cool little sound and lights up, but it's not the easiest motion to do one-handed and will also make getting a decent playthrough case a lot harder than other phones. The buttons are easy to press though, an improvement over my old T616. There are also a couple buttons at the top of the screen that confused me as to their function (of course, I don't bother with manuals!) I did figure out that they were used when playing games in landscape mode. Neat idea. There were a couple bugs in the OS as well. When using voice dial, an misrecognized command results in a really weird and annoying sound coming from the phone. And the voice command symbols in the address book are very buggy...appearing and disappearing from the contacts that don't have them. Hopefully a phone firmware upgrade will fix these.This is the first cell phone I've had with a real speakerphone. You really can use it without having to hold it up to your ear...assuming you are someplace it won't disturb other users. You can play music through the speaker as well, and use t