My 5s was smashed to oblivious (in a liferpoof case too.. weird?). So I figured it was time for something new. I was very hesitant, nervous, and first question I asked ATT was (when can I return it?). It was huge, bold, loud, and shiny, and seemed cool on the surface. I went over my head, being a cloud advocate, everything I would have to do (contacts.. iCloud calendars, pictures, tasks, email accounts..) Before this, it was seamless, get a new iPhone, plug in my icloud account, and boom... done.. But sometimes seamless is boring..Here's the things for you iPhone advocates you will have to do without.. lets get that out there now.(I have a iMac, MacBook, two ipads, wife has iPhone, AppleTV etc... all connected under one account)- iCalendar is gone on this phone. You can access a very mundane version of it through the phones IE browser, but it's impossible to read, zoom out, navigate, or add / edit events- iCloud storage is gone. There is no storage access with Apple's iCloud, completely different system- The beloved iMessage is gone. If you have friends on the iMessage system, they better get used to the old &#34;green&#34; text and using cellular to get in contact with you. No way around that unless you use apps like facebook, whatsapp etc...- Photostream is gone- And a bunch of obvious things because it's Windows, not AppleNow here is why I LIKE this phone- The screen is gorgeous. Hands down, best screen on the market, 6&#34; full 1080p deliciousness- 20MP Cam with 1080p. The picture quality is ridiculous. And paired with the Nokia Creative app, you can bust out some almost pro-like DSLR type photos with high quality video- The phone itself. For being such a monstrosity of a phone, it feels great to hold. Landscape view is awesome, and it actually fits my pocket just fine (I'm a dude who wears pants, no murse)- The live-tiles, OS, and navigation is top-bar quality. The phone is just fun to navigate through, and with high quality apps. (Weave, MixMusic, News etc...) The ability to rearrange to your liking from size, colors, live tyles, backgrounds etc is awesome. The updates on the tiles are a plus, one thing you don't have with iPhone (widgets for Android comes to mind). Easily spot weather updates, any news.. updates to facebook etc..- CPU. This thing is fast.. opening apps, switching between apps, it just so responsive and barely has a hiccup- Games / Video etc... Gaming is great on this thing. If you're an XBOX ONE user, using this as a second screen is pretty sweet. The games for the phone itself are pretty quality, look great, and the extra space with the screen size is a plus. Watching videos on this thing is on par with your quality tablets out thereIn conclusion.... Though this is a step away from what I'm used to with Apple, it's been a welcome change. I've tried Android and could not get into, and did not like it all. This however, being windows based, has been pretty awesome. And so far I'm satisfied. If you are a iPhone user, I don't think the transition will be bad unless you were a heavy cloud user, you'll have to switch from everything Apple based, to Windows cloud based (onedrive, sky drive.. etc...). All in all superb phone, definitely will hang onto this one for a year, until the next thing lol..