I've been a Blackberry user (Curve and more recently, Tour) for a long time. Prior to that, a Palm user. With all the great new touch screen phones coming out, I was itching to switch. But I wasn't about to switch to AT&T; just to get the iPhone. I have also been with Sprint for years, and in my opinion, they have THE BEST coverage/service and plans (I never have dropped calls and they have the best \"Everything\" plan). Also, I wasn't willing to get a phone that only had a touch screen for entering text. True, AT&T; has the new Blackberry Torch, but again, I would've had to switch to AT&T.;So I was so happy when Sprint came out with the new Samsung Epic (I'm glad I waited for this instead of getting the Evo). Simply put, this phone is AMAZING! It has everything I was looking for, among other things, the touch screen and pull-out keyboard. And while this phone is much larger than my previous Tour and really bigger than my husband's Palm Pre, it isn't any heavier. The build of the phone is solid. When you pull out the keyboard, you can do so with the confidence that it won't wobble or break.  The Amoled screen is unsurpassed and the live wallpapers are beautiful! The colors are so vivid and true, and with the size of the screen, watching videos is wonderful! The speed of the browser is super fast too (this is one reason I wanted to switch from my Blackberry, which I also loved). The browser on the Blackberry is so slow and the browsing experience is lacking since the screen is so small. The pull-out key board is great, but I actually find myself not using it that much because I have gotten used to entering text using the Swype function. It is so fast and intuitive. Once you get the hang of using it, I don't think you'll be entering text with the keyboard.There are still some things that are lacking, however, which caused me to give this a 4-star, instead of, a 5-star rating. First, the ability to sync with Microsoft Exchange is lacking. Currently, there is no way to sync your notes and tasks from Outlook. I use these a lot so I had to find work-arounds for this (I use Evernote for my notes and Remember the Milk for my tasks). Second, there is no spell check. I'm not sure why as this seems to be something that shouldn't be hard to include since gmail has it. Third, there doesn't appear to be a way to select the default calendar when entering new appointments (you have to always select which calendar you want the appointment in). Also, there doesn't appear to be away to dismiss select appointments. Again, I have had to use a work-around (I use the free Calendar Snooze). Fourth, the ability to customize the ringer and notification profiles is somewhat limited (you have to download an app (I use Quick Profiles) to do this - not a big deal, but it would be good if this was already included). Truly, these are not actual functions of the phone itself, but of the Android OS. So I'm hoping that with the eventual upgrade in OS, these issues will be addressed and resolved.While I have had to alter the way I do things on my device, this has not been a dealbreaker for me. I am extremely happy that I purchased this phone (through Sprint) and that I am using the Android OS. I am a Android convert for good. I'm learning new things on this phone everyday and I'm looking forward to the upgrade in the OS - hopefully soon!