Let me start by saying this phone is amazing.This is my 6th windows phone in a span of 1 year. I keep phone maximum for 3 months and sell it with good value. Earlier i had Lumia 1020 which is amazing phone too. I was in market for a mini ipad.Then i came across this phone . So i thought why not buy Lumia 1520 which can be used as a mini tablet and phone.I have no regrets in buying this phone. Below is my experience with this phone.Form Factor: Yes phone is little big. As this is a phablet category, the size is expected.We cant have a SUV's room in a compact car. So the benefits of large screen is obvious. Also at the same time there will be some inconvinience.Both Hands: Yes most times you need to use both hands. For instance, you cant use back button without using 2nd hand. But i got used to it.After couple weeks ownership , i dont feel this as a inconvinience any more. It matters most in a CAR where you need to handle the phone single handed. So all the time i mount my phone and i can use single hand.Screen: Screen is great and retina. But if you use phone screen without any protector then the screen is very slippery.Camera: Didnt test much but looks as good as lumia 1020 with less zoom.Slim. This phone is very slim when compared to lumia 1020. there is no bulge on the back so it sits flat.I se phone for movies at gym. Lumia 1020's camera bulge was always a chalange at gym. As 1520 sits flat, it is more secure.Speed: I dont think i see much speed improvement over 1020. Though it is quad core ,system still takes time to repsond on certain apps.I believe the speed has to do with particular apps then the phones hardware.When i switched to 1520 ,i thought some lagging in 1020 will be gone in 1520/. but certains apps still lagg.Lanyard: I miss Lanyard of lumia 1020 in this phablet. As this is a big phone, Nokia must have Lanyard option. To remedy this, i added my own . I used incipio air case and added Lanyard to the speaker grill. It works great as the case is strong.Speakers:It is almost same as lumia 1020 speaker with 10-15% improvement in volume. The clarity is same. Both speakers are great. Ear piece could be louder. I dont know but Nokia Lumia series suffers with low ear piece volume.Red Lumia. Red is slippery as every one suggested. Incipio case took care of it.Tiles: Extra column for tiles is a plus. Now one can see more information without moving the screen.Side Keys: Side keys are too flat. It is quite difficult to find volume keys and lock keys .It could be better like lumia 1020.Phone in public: Yes it is eye catching. It doesnt look good if you talk on this phablet in public. But who cares.when Iphone first came, it looked too BIG. but it has become new NORM now. So people will get used to it as phablets become more popular.Also it keep you out of crowd.Pocket: It easily slides into pocket. In my formals and jeans i have no issue in sliding the phone. It fits and doesnt pop out of pocket. As it is slim, the extra length doesnt bother me.Wireless charging. I am really mad on ATT on removing wireless charging from this phone. Hell with the technology and standards. IF they care too much then why did they sell qi wireless chargers. Now that every one got one qi wireless chargers they removed this from phone.ATT ------ in this regard.battery: Awesome. It has very good battery life.It is almost twice that of lumia 1020. I tested battery by turning on everything.Even though the location was turned on, the battery drain was not significant. I believe if location is not used by any app then system turns it off.