Let me start by saying I have been an iPhone user/lover/supporter since day one, and there are definitely many positives to be said for the phone and the OS, but let's face it, it's a bit boring, mainly due to it's simplicity, which is what most people seem to love about it. This is also NOT a review of Windows Phone 8, that is something you either love or hate, and has absolutely nothing to do with this phone, since if you hate the OS, you obviously do not buy a Windows Phone. This is what bothers me about some of the negative reviews here, they are negative about customer service or because they were less than thrilled with Windows Phone OS, but that is not a review of the Lumia 1520. SO I am going to make the assumption that whoever is buying this phone has done a bit of research (I know, a rather large assumption but I'll fly with it for now), and actually wants a Windows phone. Now, why I made the switch and why I am absolutely LOVING this Lumia 1520:1. The screen is absolutely hands down the nicest, clearest, brightest screen I have ever seen on any device, be it tablet, computer, or phone. Of course it is also 6&#34;, which is going to be a bit large for some people, but again, just like the OS, if you wanted a small phone, order a small phone. In my case I wanted the larger screen as it definitely lessens the need to carry my tablet around in many cases, and I can do things on this device that were oure torture on a 4.5&#34; or similar size screen.2. The camera, although not the 41 MP of the 1020, is quite impressive regardless at 20 MP, and the software that Nokia provides make the whole camera interface 2nd to none in my opinion. There is a bit of a learning curve if you are used to just pointing and shooting, which you can still do but not to optimal effect as you can if you take control. I look forward to taking a lot of pictures and doing a lot of experimenting.3. Did I say the screen was unbelievable?4. Although I stated this would not be a review of Windows Phone OS, I feel I should mention that the Amber update really adds to the OS in general, and I personally like the live tiles and the customizable nature of the whole system.So, all in all if you are looking for a large screen smartphone, and are either comfortable with or willing to try Windows Phone OS, than I can very highly recommend this phone, and as you can see by the many other positive reviews many out there would agree.