I'm going to keep this review short and simple.  I switched over to the HTC EVO but returned it because it felt just a bit too big in my hand.  The other fact was it did not have SWYPE nor did it have a real keyboard.  I thought I would get used to having a virtual keyboard but I could not get used to it.However the Samsung Epic 4G is a great phone since it has SWYPE which works surprisingly well as well as a slide out keyboard. There have been some complaints about how the keys are not offset and I do find it a bit harder to type on it having been used to the Blackberry 9700 which was my previous phone.The phone is very responsive, battery life is not that great, you have to definitely charge it after 8-10 hours of moderate use.  I usually have 4G and GPS turned off (I don't have 4G in Sacramento) or that would use up the battery faster.I was able to connect to my Outlook email at work without any problems and it pushes the email to your Android just like the Blackberry does and it also syncs your Outlook Calender.Pinch to zoom works within Email and on Web pages and its very responsive.The killer feature is the support of DLNA, so I can view my video, audio and picture files on my PC over WI-FI on my Samsung Epic and it works seamlessly.  I can also stream video, audio and pictures from the Epic to my PC or my LG DLNA enabled Blue Ray player so that I can view it on my TV.Google Voice integration seems to be better than on the Blackberry.  Overall this phone is very intuitive to use, I had a bit more trouble with the HTC EVO.I also was able to install YouMail from the Android app store and set up conditional call forwarding (see the Youmail website on instructions since Sprint is slightly different).  While Visual Voicemail is available with Sprint, I prefer YouMail.Overall I have to say I am very pleased with this phone and would definitely recommend it.Having used Swype on this phone and finding it so easy to use, I wonder if I needed the keyboard after all.  I still wanted it as a crutch until I can let go.  This phone runs Android 2.1If you are a Blackberry user and are hesitant to switch, then I can honestly say that coming to this phone from a Blackberry 9700 it took a couple of days to get used to it, but I was able to do everything on this phone and much more.  Also due to RIM not releasing Blackberry OS 6 to existing Blackberry 9700 customers until next year even though its available for their new phone, I felt it was time to make the switch.The only app that I miss that is only available on the Blackberry is VIIGO, but I use Newsrob instead which seems adequate though not as nice as VIIGO.Update: 9/13/2010I got to use the Navigation feature and it works great.  I was able to say the name of the place I wanted to go and it began navigation right away.  The default voice sounds a bit funny and sometimes difficult to understand since the street names don't often get pronounced correctly.  I especially like the Satellite view mode since I can actually see the buildings, and I like how it switches to Street view when you are close to your destination