At first I was superbly impressed. I immediately took it to NYC and everything worked great....4G was awesome, surfed easily, and it did pretty much everything I thought it would. Now, after having it for 9 months it has become very buggy, and I think it started with the update to android froyo about 3 months ago. I used to get great life out of the battery, but now it runs down in 12 hours without even using it unless I turn off all background data. The battery runs down faster without having anything on...so I have wifi or bluetooth on and it actually saves the battery....I am telling the whole truth. I used to get 2 days use out of it...no kidding. So I get a full day still with background data off.There are so many things these phones can do now that I basically compare it to a netbook or computer...it does it all really, and more. I have an ipad2 that sucks compared to my phone....really now.Since the update to 2.2 this constantly shuts down, and just locks up like my old computers used to....really really annoying. After the update I was supposed to be able to use hands free bluetooth except the voice recognition truly sucks....its unusable really, at least on my phone. I have a few hundred contacts in my phone, so not sure if that is causing the confusion.For the most part it does its job, but every now and then it locks up at the wrong time and that is ultimately annoying. Paying 100 bucks a month for a phone, this thing should sizzle in all aspects. Its good, but could be much better.Emails are great, and surfing is great if close to tower...even in 3G. Also the 4G is not at my home....but I have to travel to use it. I have found 4G soso...not as great as I expect as you have to apparently be in direct line with a tower.It is very versatile all in all, but there is plenty of room for improvement. I think it was the cream of the crop for a while, now not so much and I think someone dropped the ball on the updates....maybe a new strategy to sell phones? I would give it a 65 or 70 out of 100....when I first got it I would have given it a 90 and given it 4 1/2 stars.UPDATE 11/26/11...Gingerbread FixesThe 2.3 update saved this phone. I now have double battery time at least....maybe 3x. No more random shutdowns, everything works. I now can re-recommend this