When I opened the box I thought "My god! How am I going to carry this Thing? Though I had taken out my tape measure to see how big it would be on reading the specs I was still shocked on actually seeing it! Slowly as I started using it I got used to this mammoth phone. Setting up this mobile was a breeze. The key board though is different from the BlackBerry Curve I am used to. A new learning curve here. But a week on I am loving it. This phone slips easily in the upper shirt Pocket (though it's made for CEOs wearing a suit). It can be easily carried and I believe that this should not deter us in using this new form factor. It's a pleasure in using this mobile to see spreadsheets. You can really Work Wide with the BlackBerry passport. Seeing PPT is also a pleasure. As it has a 3gb RAM big Excel sheets can be opened in a jiffy. Using blackberry for mails and sms was always excellent and the same holds true for BlackBerry passport also. The concept is HUB is unique and all those using their mobile for business purposes will find this concept Fantastic!! As usual the notification LED light is the highlight of BlackBerry. The massive internal memory of 32gb with the option of inserting 128 gb micro SD is the big plus point for storage for those on the go. As mentioned by all in many reviews you will have to use both the hands. One hand will not do. Though some of the operations are possible with a little practice. Using this new keyboard requires a bit of practice. But you will love it once you get used to it. This mobile is also useful for those having Telecons frequently. You can dial and minimise the dial up interface. You can at the same time open up spreadsheets, PPTs etc and keep participating in the conference with earphones connected. Everything can be easily minimised and accessed on the screen. The voice clarity is excellent. You will find it a bit difficult in holding this phone initially while speaking but will get used to it. Some Dos and Don'ts: When speaking you will have to hold the phone in such a way that the small speaker is exactly touching the ears. If not placed properly (since its a large phone) the voice clarity may not be good. But if placed properly then the clarity is excellent You have to download WPS office or Office suit pro as the pre- installed 'Docs to go' does not have the filter options for excel sheets. Hope Microsoft offers the MS office free for BlackBerry also as they are for Android and iOS now. DO not sync the Hotmail address book. This creates Multiple duplicate entries and the address book slows down massively. Appears to be a Hotmail error. I had to manually delete the entire address book and transfer the address book from my BlackBerry Curve using the Bluetooth. After doing this the problem got resolved. Security remains a largely compromised area with many mobiles. In today's world we are prone to using mobile devices for online shopping and banking services. Credit cards are used. How can we then ignore the security offered by BlackBerry? All the more the most ignored aspect is built strongly in BlackBerry devices. What the OS 10 misses out is the facility to forward sms as mail or mail as sms which is available in older OS. For seeing the images in mail you have to click a small arrow at the right side of the page. A bit irritating. Maybe there is a way out. BlackBerry passport has OTG facility. A feature less written about. An excellent phone for those on the move and also those who use their phones for mails / sms. This device is not for playing junk games like candy crush or subway surfer. The massive battery lasts for 1.5 to 2 days on average use. For me only 70% gets used each day on average to heavy use. I have penned this entire review on my BlackBerry passport. It's not a smartphone..... It's a genius phone