Solid device overall, fantastic build quality, camera is a winner - kills all competition hands down, nice responsive screen. Call sound quality is superb. Have high hopes for battery life - played all day over wifi, browsing, youtube, app installs, etc., still more than 50% left  Symbian is usually strong in that department. 3g on all gsm providers. Nokia-provided VoIP call support is available. Apps are there, marginally lagging behind Android/Iphone. True multitasking. I also own a N900 and my only hope that Nokia will combine the best features out of these 2 devices and produces a MeeGo phone in the future, if this ever happens it will be a killer phone.Some complaint Limited picture sharing capabilities, but looks like Pixelpipe should fill that gap.-Social networking widget seem to ignore the offline settings for the home screen the Skype-provided app works but no video.Browser is OK really but not great, websites insist on using their mobile versions w/o option to use the full mode-Screen resolution is lower than that of the competitors-On-screen keyboard is always full-screen, this blocks chat contents.Search by voice is broken in Google Maps-Lack of fart apps-More to be discoveredUpdate:Alert! Alert! Alert! If you need to be able to read/write messages in non-latin based languages think twice bebore buying this Phone, at least the US version sold by Amazon as there is no official support for that. It is such a shame that a great device such as n8 has this limitation. No hope to get this working with the upcoming or future s/w update according to Nokia Care. There are limited workarouds such as using third party keyboard apps, using browser to read emails, or hacking the phone and installing customized fonts. Knocking down 1 star because of this.Update:Installed Symbian Belle. Very nice. Brings significant visual and usability improvements, qwerty portrait and split-screen landscape keyboards, most importantly the UI is much smoother and more responsive now, very pleasant to use almost as good as the i-device and newer androids. Apps are still lagging and it won't get any better. Out of the box input language support is still an issue, you're limited to what Nokia thinks you should be using in your region, so if you buy an official US phone but need to write in Cyrillic good luck with that, there are ways around it but in 2012 this should be built-in into the device
