Originally purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note II with AT&T.; Switched from ATT due to their inflexibility to offer a truly unlimited data plan for families. That's another story.Moved to Sprint and purchased a marble white Samsung Galaxy Note II.I am experiencing the same superb degree of excellence with this device as I did with ATT.The Note II is a beautiful phone. Physical construction of very good and form factor is perfect for my needs.If you think your pockets are too small for this phone, then you need to re-think your clothing situation. Re-purchase clothing which is adequate for this device. It is that good.Quad 1.6 processor power is notable. Very fast machine. Phone quality (voice) is excellent. It very simply, works. Every function of the phone, that is.Bluetooth communicates with my Prius's Bluetooth effortlessly. WiFi works perfectly. The Android 4.1.1 operating system (a.k.a., Jelly Bean; whatever) works fantastically. The Google-system does everything it should do without a hassle. The Google voice search is better and faster than my family's five (5) iPhone 4Ss (yes, we have 6 phones on our Sprint account; an exception to their 5-on-1 plan policy; another story), and the Google voice search system works great; but I rarely use it.My primary reason for purchasing this phone is its size and fantastic performance. Both are very impressive. Together, it's a masterpiece.Viewing data on a 5.5\" screen of this quality is a pleasure. I generally use the large screen to check aviation weather. There, looking at either textual, radar, satellite, or other planning weather systems is made easy by the strong processing capabilities of this phone, and its excellent display. Just beautiful.Battery life? So far, I'm experiencing a full-day (i.e., 12-hours on this large 3100miliamp battery. There may even be a lager battery (which would be even better), but bone-stock from the Samsung factory, the battery is amazing.Speaker phone is excellent. Viewing movies, amazingly beautiful.Every function of the device is solid.Touch screen works perfectly, looks fantastic.Charging systaem works as-advertised (mini USB).This is simply the best phone device I have ever seen. Simply fantastic.If you can tolerate a large device (and there are some considerations), then I highly recommend this superbly designed and built Samsung Galaxy Note II device.Top of the Line is right.It's large. Its screen is larger than the entire outer dimensions of an iPhone 4S.Perfect.