I ended up getting a great deal on this and bought three of them in white, blue and red (for my wife, daughter, myself).  The wireless charging is amazing and works just like my electric toothbrush, just sit it on a pad (of course mine is the only one still backordered).  The blue phone arrived last, red was second to arrive while white came in pretty quick but that's what my wife wanted after seeing the iPhone in white.  I don't know why these are unavailable on Amazon although I have heard many stores are also sold out in one color or another.  As for AT&T;, I was willing to leave and go try Verizon but couldn't pass up on the deal due to my company's discounts on service PLUS I wanted this phone.  My nephew also recently gave up his Iphone after many years to go buy a Lumia 920.  He was able to move his music collection (from ITunes) with the app for his Mac.  He considered Galaxy or Nexus as well and absolutely loves this phone.How heavy?  At first I thought it was heavy when I was trying it out in the store but now I am used to it.  No one in the family complaining but know that it's heavier than most smartphones.  If you have trouble carrying another 30 grams or so, perhaps look into doing some pushups :).How sturdy?  I also bought a case for my wife but she doesn't use it, the phone seems sturdy enough.What about the OS?  As for the Windows Phone OS, I haven't noticed any showstoppers.  The interface is refreshing, fast and fluid.  You have to keep the phone to realize how much easier it is to integrate with Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. I haven't explored a new feature called rooms or groups but it seems interesting for a family to stay in sync with shared contacts, calendar, notes etc. almost like an electronic bulletin board.  My wife is not technical so will have to see how useful this feature is or if she uses it.  Will update the review on this one.  As for apps, they keep coming every day and I don't feel like it's limited or what the brouhaha is.  The only one I hear about is instagram but I hear its coming.Critical feature that sold me on this versus alternatives?  Nokia Maps.  I also considered HTC 8x but felt Nokia had more apps I wanted and I expect better support.  One of the best phones I have ever owned was a Nokia and this seems solid.  I would consider the 8x if the weight really bothers you but again, we are all used to it already.Quick review of AT&T; stores if I may:  AT&T; help and knowledge of these products at the store is a hit or miss.  When asked what is the difference between 920 and 820, I got, one's bigger than the other.  Daaah!!!  How about wireless charging built in, the awesome camera (btw pics and video on this are great and much better than my old phone and rival my canon Point and shoot), xbox integration (some of it is gimmicky but man I use it as a remote more than I thought), Nokia music.What I would have liked to see more of:  FM radio but I can live without it.  Nothing else comes to mind for now.  If you go with an open mind with no preconceived notions (hard to do if you are a fanboy or fangirl), you'll be pleasantly surprised.To add, 12/1/2012: I wondered if the phone locks do you just wait it for it to die or is there a reset?I found out at the AT&T; store (sorry if I said bad things about you before) you can press volume and power and hold for 5-10 seconds and the device resets (like ctl alt del).I now need to find a clip so I can attach it to my dash somehow for music and gps. If someone has suggestions, please fire away.