Every other review has covered all the big stuff so I recommend you read several of them, but let me tell you about the small stuff. They have changed the tell me network voice and have added a male voice. These now have a richer sound and more intonation than before, the network seems faster at processing the dictation and I would say I am noticing better accuracy. I use TellMe with a wired headset many, many times a day everyday and it has become an important part of how I get things done. Since I have my headset in all day long the ability for developers to use the TellMe API's in their apps is huge. I can use my voice to open apps and perform tasks in those apps. For example I can use my voice to open Audible and start my book playing without ever looking at my phone.Next their are some great improvements to texting in the phone. They now are not only predicting what word you are typing but what word you may intend to type next. I found this very useful and a pleasing surprise as I never saw this feature update get any press.Let me just cover the criticism of the weight I have seen out there, by saying it is not really an issue when compared to the feel of solidness you get when handling the phone.The phones screen is amazing I kept putting drops of water on it when I first got it to see if I could see pixels when magnified and I still could not. The speed of the screen really makes itself apparent when scrolling black text on a white back ground, there is no blur when the text is in motion.The camera is truly the sweet spot for me, I take a lot of photos and many of them indoors or in poor light and that is where this camera shines. And the ability to have images auto-upload to ShyDrive at full resolution is great.I will amend this as I spend more time with the phone.***edit***01/23/13I have spent more time with the phone and have now changed my rating to five stars. Nokia have updated the camera and nearly every Nokia app several times in the last month and half. They have taken a great phone camera and made it that much better. Nokia took care of the issues with daytime photos and sped up the taking of dark photos