The Motorola T505 works great with my Treo 800w.  The fact that it supports both phone calls and A2DP audio makes it a fantastic solution.  I have been frustrated with the Treo 800w because of its low quality external speaker.  When in a car you simply can't hear it.  The Treo is great because of Sprint Navigation, Sprint TV, and the thousands of streaming options from the Kinoma Player software.  But none of the these can be used in the car because you can't hear anything from the speaker.  I have used a Jabra bluetooth headset that supports both voice and A2DP but even with that, I had to hold the earpiece tight to my ear when at freeway speeds.The noise cancellation is really good.  I placed some test voicemails to myself with the car windows down, the defroster at the highest setting, and the radio on.  The quality of the call was very good.  I could hear some slight popping once in awhile in the background but it was very minor and my voice remained strong and clear.The T505's volume can be too loud, which is great.  I can take and place calls, listen to Sprint Navigation instructions or listen to streaming music, all at comfortable volumes, all handsfree.I am also pleasantly suprised by the FM transmitter.  I have used a variety of FM transmitters in the past, including those in Garmin GPS units.  I gave up on them because of the lack of signal quality.  I am sure that this transmitter isn't more powerful than FCC guidelines but it seems like it.  When activated the selected station is simply silent on my radio - no noise at all.  And the auto frequency selector with voice instructions is a great feature of the T505.For the ultimate test I have Orb installed on my home laptop.  It is connected via 802.11g to my router.  Using Kinoma Player on my Treo, I connected using Sprint 3G data to Orb on my laptop and streamed a song.  My Treo connected to the T505 via bluetooth which then connected to my FM radio.  The song played without drop-outs, without stuttering in a reasonable less-than-hifi quality.  But remarkably decent for 4 different wireless links.The T505 is a great product.