After reading so many reviews both negative and positive I decided to make the move. My local Radio Shack had a limited time promotion on the HTC Evo 3D for Virgin mobile and knowing the problems I was having with my Motorola Triumph I had to make the move. Especially since I would have 30 Days to return it back to the store. Here are the facts:GPS on the evo connects in 10 seconds and that's in my house (I use waze app all the time)Triumph can't connect in my house and usually takes more than 5 minutes to connect.Audio is louder and sounds better on the HTC Evo (especially with poweramp app)Triumph has a problem when you unplug earphones and replug in the sound jumps.HTC Evo has no lag when pressing buttons or appsTriumph has lag and sometime you must press 3 timesCall quality is better on the HTC Evo and testing this in low signal areas I haven't missed any callsTriumph sounds muffledHTC Evo 3d pictures give me a headache, 2d pictures are very nice, I don't see a major difference between either phone.Battery on the HTC Evo beats the  Triumph hands down. And I like the option to add a larger battery if needed. I use 2x battery saver app.Sent a text message in a low signal area and 1 time received a radio interference message, but the text still went through.3G is noticeably faster (I used speedtest.net) with my old Motorola and the HTC next to each other. I'm sure this is because of the dual processor and improved memory in the HTC.4G is insane! 7,485 kbps download.If someone calls you and you can't take the message and they leave you a message on voicemail, you can listen to the message without dialing into voice mail and delete it after listening so no minutes are used, very cool! On the motorola triumph you had to dial into voice mail.BTW, my Motorola triumph was on the $25 dollar plan and my wife was using a Samsung intercept so I gave her my Motorola. If anyone has upgraded from the Samsung intercept to the Motorola triumph. You know its a no brainer and the Motorola wins hands over, but although the upgrade from the Motorola to the HTC Evo is not as drastic, it is an improvement over the quirky things that the Motorola does....UPDTATE1:Have had the phone for 1 month and haven't missed 1 call. There are reviews that say they have had call problems or texting problems. See update #5.UPDATE #2:Factory battery is better than the triumph, but I order the extended Laza Zcell battery and cover for the HTC Evo on Amazon. The reviews are incredible and the battery lasts for more than 2 day on normal use!UPDATE #3 Revised:Received the Laza Zcell battery and cover and it is fantastic. The cover fits perfectly, charged the battery overnight and my 2x battery saver app says I have 114hrs till the battery runs out! Mfg says you will get max battery after 5 charges. The bottom of the back case pops out about 3/16 and the rest of the case stays slim. This actually makes the phone easier to hold and with the new back cover the top power button is easier to operate. Also you will not need a battery saver app with this battery, but if you do it will extend your battery operation even longer! After 5 charges, and the phone being on for 7hours, my 2x battery saver app says I have 191hrs left! This is insane!UPDATE #4The HTC Android version is 4.06. It has some very cool settings that are not on the Motorola. For example. When the phone is ringing you can set it to lower the ring tone automatically when you pick the phone up. You can also increase the ring when it is in a bag or pouch and it will lower when the phone is pulled out of the bag. You can also set your phone to automatically go to speaker phone when you turn it upside down.UPDATE #5I received a text from my brother (I don't really text much at all) when I responded I received the weird code alert and radio freq message, I selected OK on the message and I believe it still went through. My response to my brother didn't require a response but it did remind me of all the people that are complaining about texting on this phone. Here is what I did, go to your phone keypad and ty